
Easy to use but not so easy to set up.
As always this is great product to have when no original remote is available!
Tolles Produkt, durchdacht und funktioniert!
works well most of the time.  The only 
Top Service
easy to use
set did not work on one of the setps. it was to go to HMDI 1 but didn't change to it
SUPER EASY SET UP
easy to use
impossible de selectioner hdmi extern depuis plus d'1 ans
fewer remotes to keep up with...easier to handle the different activities.
constantly needs to be synced
ottimo
The buttons wear out and dont work. Your button manufacturer does not provide a good product.
This remote has always done everything I've wanted/needed it to do! Always! Great product! Thanks!
I don't entirely understand why the old web-based setup isn't available anymore. I understand preferring the app, but there was a problem with my computer which prevented the software from working correctly, and had I not been needing to buy a new computer anyway, I would have just taken the remote back and avoided Logitech hardware going forward. With the changing landscape of what people use for computers (tablets, Chromebooks, etc), completely alienating consumers without a Windows or Mac PC just seems incredibly short-sighted.
Easy setup, lots of options
its  a good remote and we like it.... 
n/a
Suggest adding a note by the sync to "plug in" remote and a message downloading has begun.
overcomplicated and buggy
tough to program
Buttons on Harmony remotes wear out far too quickly - I'm getting tired of having to replace these remotes because some of the buttons stop working.  Why don't you do something to correct these common design deficiencies?  You are going to start losing a lot of customers because of this.
used for years due to reliablility.
Longtime 545satisfied customer.
Very easy-to-use interface.
The volumeup does not work on the device cable/info though it is assigned the same function on the television and the volumedown button does work.
klare Menufürung und einfach einzurichten
like the ease of setup and single remote
have
Love the setup wizards.
Cannot customize functions enough
Works great
i love it 
no linux support
easy to use and it works
Harmony seemlessly integrates with new smart technologies (i.e. Alexa, Nexia, etc.) and provides unwavering support and updates.
android app unstable
nice
Love the new interface! Seems better at having the right defaults when creating an activity.
4 buttons have gone bad (do not function when pressed) : rewind, fast forward, next chapter & stop.  I had to rename other buttons to get these functions! 
Handig , maar voor je zover bent om alles werkend te hebben duurt even.
I have been using the harmony one (and now will be using the elite) and I love it! So easy to set up and to use!
na
love the old remote hope the new is as good or better but had a hard time getting on web sit but support helped they were great
none
Ease of use and a very acurate device database...
Always been easy and fun:)
don't know enough about this subject
Copying remote doesn't work; it doesn't recognise my account. Even though I already signed in
Ease of use
software was easy when i first programed the remote but updating it was a pain and still not turning on my tv
Nice to set it up in this way.
keine
love it
No Linux support
good remote, lengthy set up process
Took "7" times this update to get the PC to recgonize the remote: FIX your damn software!!!!!!!
Hat sich zu früher schon deutlich verbessert. Verbindung zur FB usw. läuft deutlich besser. Danke.
Best universal remote i have ever used. Very streamlined and user friendly.
Love my report!
Libertad de configuración al gusto particular
adding lighting activities was not possible to find
not working on initial set up
lack of support for Cox device 9645 HDC
It is fairly easy to navigate and very customizeable. I have found with my experience that those who are less technologically inclinded tend to struggle with it but thats not a problem for me.
anwendbarkeit........................................................................................................................................................................................................
A little difficult to get started
second harmony remote and im having a lot of techincal issues that are really frustrating
my harmony software is slow and clunky
Leider funktioniert die Logitech Tastatur am PC nicht, nur wenn ich die Aktion nochmals am Smartphone starte
I did give you a four, but you appear to have reset my feedback, and therefore i am even less impressed than I was before! Software 32-bit, looks dreadful, is slow and unrepsonsive and feels fragile. Just entering this feebdback is hard.
ab wrkt prima is echter nit eenvoudig te programmeren en de aansluiting is niet echt universeel
The battery on my remote doesn't last very long before needing a charge and it was bought 6 months ago
very nice product.  flaky at times but overall very nice
Zeer tevreden
can't add apple tv in obvious way
pratique et simple la configuration
Great!! Super configurable.  RF support would be awesome.
trouble syncing
full featured and very easy to use
Easy to use
easy fast and very convienent
Clunky software
Fantastic device!!
The software is bloated and the sign in via an "account" requirement is a joke.
Complète mais compliqué
Often need to hit help to get the activity to work
DESK AND MOBILE SOFTWARE WOULD NOT CONNECT ON 2 OTHER COMPUTERS ONLY SOLUTI0N USE A NEIGHBORS.  WRONG NAME ON ACCOUNT AS WELL
The app seems buggy.  Took forever to sign in, took 3 tries to add my remote and setup.
Remote screws up when you drop it
super
Good price point, and fairly easy to program
its a great remote
It has allowed me to control multiple devices, including an HCT television, which no other universal remote could do.
Like the convenience of all-in-one
The 300 & 350 remotes simply do not last, I've had several units where the commonly used button cease to operate within a year or 2! A real shame as both the ergonomics & software are superb.
Easy to program
Geil
The instructions for setup could be more explicit
Still not set up.
Programmierung selbst für Standardgeräte umständlich; Steuerung unzuverlässig
I like your remotes and have used them for years. But you have to be pretty tech savvy to get them to work. Not exactly plug and play.
Confusing
Qualité, facilité
Gotta check it for correct functionality
Easy, but should keep previous configurations for reference.
This software is terrible!!!!
great
nnnn
Easy to use interface on the remote and software
Poor error handling and error messages with insufficient information to correct the error force time-consuming multiple experiments to resolve problems. Most recent problem was enabling IP control of my Dish receiver.
This software is so frustrating to use. Assigning commands to button is an exercise in not throwing this remote out the window.
Ease of use... The guide leaves no opportunity for mistakes or malfunctions
Perfekt!
Alles bestens und sehr empfehlenswert. Hat auch exotische Geräte in der Datenbank, super!
easy to set up
ok
temps de connexion un peu long
easy to use
Works pretty good
Funktioniert super und lässt sich leicht einrichten
SO EASY TO USE
Onkyo Reciver funktioniert bisher nicht mit Logitech Harmony (läßt sich nicht bedienen) 
The ios app is not user friendly
Intuitive software, good job Logitech.
Awesome remotes!!
dont know how it will work but like the interface
ease of use and the fact that your company keeps current with the latest television hardware
sometimes the touch is too sensitive.
Pretty good about providing functions for most devices, including DVD recorders which is rare. BUT the explanation of what a command abbreviation means -- such as "T/C" -- aren't always readily available.
Great device
great
you are the best in the business
g
It works great
works great
Me encanta
I like logitech mice which I would recommend but I haven't used this product enough to know how I feel about it.
Too many software bugs. This whole thing takes too much patient. I would never recommend it to anyone else. But I'm pretty sure you don't care.
Have to plug in 3-4 times before the download begins!
It's easy to use(software and hardware), however a Wake On Lan function would be a great add-on
not as easy a
Gute Bedienung
BEST REMOTE EVER 
makes life easy. dont have to keep up with a bunch of devices.
kann mich nicht mehr normal anmelden / muss über FernsteuerungsAnmeldung gehen ?!
 Ease of use
gewoon snel en simpel
excellent service
ease of use
very good, except it will not switch inputs on Hisense TV's properly
The remote seems to need to be reprogrammed periodically
ease of use
usb connection is difficult 
Ease of Use
The activity buttons are OK but if you are watching TV and decide to watch a movie the watch movie button will turn off the tv that is already on. 
Op hoop van zegen...
This update was incredibly easy!
Über 10 Jahre alt und immernoch ein TOP Gerät.
BNBVN
Why do I have to sign into the Harmony system every time? This takes way too much time. Keep me signed in for at least 30 days before signing me out. Stop making me gaddam Google & fking facebook for confirmation of who I am.
i hate not having real buttons ,numbers
J'aimerais réordonner mes activités...  J'ignore comment.
una actualización me ha roto la configuracion de apagado de un harman kardon avr265 y yo no he hecho nada para que se estropeara!!!!
Lots of devices in catalogue, flexible straightforward setup. Software and update process works.
great options
An excellent replacement for my old Harmony 720.
Easy to use.
Logitech is "the brand" when it comes to universal remotes, with a little bit of prep (as recommended in the instructions) the entire process is seamless.
ghshsdhdfh
Very easy to use and replace compnets in the network
won't let you skip a step in the setup. 
Updating & programming is super easy!!
remote rarely connects to the app. mostly charges or doesn't recognize it at all. for around $200 that's a pretty bs interface.
Does most of what I want.  Would like to be able to add more Smart channel apps to channel preferences for devices that are Smart capable (LG TV)
Great
I love my Harmony. Logitech, you are the best!
ease of setup
Painful experience on so many levels.
Ease of use
good, but software isn't as solid as it should be.
lots of product listed (ie sony, samsung, sirius, etc.) and ease of use
het concept is prima, maar we moeten te vaak HELP gebruiken voor een goede werking
I love these remotes, I now own two of them and wouldn't consider anything else to control my devices.
Customisation easy
Easy to use for multiple devices
soooo easy
easy
Support
find syncing the remote always a challenge
excellent and handy product
good product
Die Software ist manchmal ewas scwer von Begriff
einfache handhabung
Needs battery replacement program
Super FB, manchmal muss man ein bisschen Fummeln mit der Programmierung aber sonst super ! (Liegt aber wahrscheinlich an den zu steuernden Gerästschaften)
ease of use & setup
Vierde keer vandaag...
LIKE IT
Because you keep asking feedback on the same question over and over again.
het werkt goed en is zeer simpel uit te voeren. Daarna met veel plezier 1 afstandbediening gebruiken.
cumbersome setup
awesome remote
It doesnt do everything I would like but mostly.  
excelent
J'ai finalement trouvé l'option que je cherchais.  Un peu trop camouflée.
I would give this a 10 based on functionality but the poor battery life and unreplaceable battery really lower the value. Re-engineer this remote to use AAA batts and I will give it a 10.
Customizability and ease of use
teilweise erhöhter Schwierigkeitsgrad bei speziellen Gerätekonstellationen, nichts für "Otto Normalverbraucher"
faltan opciones y con las actualizaciones se estropean cosas
ease of use
was satisfied but it necently lost its settings for no apparent reason
great product
ease of setup
still configuring
I already did recommend and they were looking at the 1100 until they heard it was discontinued by Logitech.
Excellent product
??
Ma référence de TV n'est pas reconnue
ease of use
works well but too sensitive to shocks
So easy to set things up. Very versatile software.
Good menu to follow on setting up devices.
fewer remotes
slow
Remote will not hold configuration. Have to keep resynching..
Werk prima; de toetsen zijn wel erg snel versleten, anders was het een 10 geweest
not working!!!!!
The desktop app seems pretty outdated in it's user experience.
0.

x
Every time I want to make a change to my remote, I spend 30 minutes on just trying to get it to sync the changes. This involves nearly a dozen times of having to exit the software and unplug the remote, then trying again. (I also reboot my computer somewhere in that process, to no effect.) This sync problem happens EVERY SINGLE TIME!!!
Geen guide en info op horizonbox ziggo
I like the convenience of the single controller when it works. This is much better than earlier generations. I have had an issue in the last month where my sonos speakers hooked to tv have become unresponsive to the Harmony controller. I'm resetting the controller hoping it helps. I know my sonos speakers can be controlled fine from my phone when listening to music but not when I used my Harmony app to control it so I feel it must be either the software (app) or the harmony hub.
easy use

Handig één afstandsbediening en makkelijk te programmeren.
Selectie van optie netwerk en FM niet standaard mogelijk voor AV receiver. 
works good
Ease of use and very compatible.
works
Weshalb muss man zwingend am PC die Updates / Einrichtung machen?!
Die Fernbedienung war jetzt Jahre lang im Schrank gelegen. Früher, als diese neu raus kam, war die Software noch etwas unausgereift (musste öfters mal mit dem Support telefonieren, damit der Einstellungen vornimmt, die mir nicht zugelassen sind), das hat sich wohl über die Jahre positiv verändert.
Die Voreinstellungen sind recht sinnvoll, der Fernseher überspringt beim weiterschalten oft Kanäle, ich habe keine Option den Fernseher automatisch auf Mute zu schalten, wenn die Stereoanlage den Ton wiedergibt.
excellent remote
Bedienung gut (viele voreingestellte Geräte), Batterielebensdauer aber gering
simplicite
I HAVE 3 ,ALL EXCELLENT
verbindung WLAN funktioniert nicht

So easy. Thank You
Greatest remote ever!
Good Customer Service
Gute Menüführung und Erläuterung der aktuell begten Tastenfunktionen beim hoovern mit der Maus
Functionality
Great product and easy to use
gefällt mir
got new remote, same as last harmony, and I was up and running in <1 minute
easy set up
You took away some necessary code for my tv. When I switch activity and turn it off, I have to turn it back on at the same setting. I can't switch acivities while trying to turn the tv on. And sometimes the input doesn't change when the tv is on. 
this activity name is already in use? I've checked multiple times and it's not. thanks anyways, I'll just keep the generic "watch tv", "watch a movie". It's not like I wanted to name my activites.
Sehr unübersichtlich !!! Früher konnte man sich die detaillierte Belegung der Tasten anzeigen lassen. Jetzt finde ich diesen Menüpunkt nicht mehr. 
EASY SETUP AND QUALITY OF PRODUCT
Gutes Handling
works perfectly the way my family likes it
My Harmony app is very very slow
Ease of use
Legacy software and it still worked 100%
Ease of setup vs. needing more specific direction
I opened the link that worked before and had a hard time getting logged on.  I wound up having to load new software and di get my remote resynched.  The reason I had to do this is because my remote just lost several of the saved channels - not a good thing.
Too many software issues.
its easy to program
Fernbedienung funktioniert sehr zuverlässig und gut.
buttons wear out far too quickly on harmony remotes.
Very compatible and easy to use.  Have had many products and have been very satisfied.
Always works great for me
I've had multiple Logitech Harmony remotes over the past 15 years.  Updating firmware on this Harmony Elite is not as simple as it should be.  The hub is connected to the internet via Wi-Fi at all times, so Logitech should be able to push automatic firmware updates to it and then it should be able to push firmware updates to the remote from the hub.
So easy to use and setup
Easy to use, easy to make changes, smart technology, reduces remotes! 
Works perfectly except the battery sucks. 
loved your first commercials - made for the geek's wife :)
PERFECT
Easy to set up and use.
I HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS WITH THIS REMOTE. THIS IS MY SECOND ONE AND IT DOES NOT WORK CORRECTLY.
Show buttons and screen together
it works well  and thats what counts

easy to use and set up
Incredibly poor instructions and user interface.
Voice command with Amazon Echo/Alexa.
don't like that activities are now required
It's Okai to use and setup.......
easy to set up.
serait il possible d'avoir une mise a jour sur les philips vous avez is hdmi 3 a la place de hdmi side du coup ça ne fonctionne plus
The remote s/w is NOT stable! Even if the s/w was loaded again, the remote does not work properly! Why?
THANKS
easy to use and great quality
love it
It doesn't work more often than it works.  You should prefect the engineering before you sell a product.
OMG its so easy. It would be a 10 if it detected my devices for me.
Normal ein 10, weil der Harmony und echo.dot in die Niederlanden nicht zu koppeln sind 4 Punkten abzug !
One remote is the way to go!
can find all device models
The Hub is the coolest thing ever
Ease of use
cuz
Does not handle AVR input switching as default.  Sad.
STOPS WORKING NEEDS REPLACED OFTEN
Logical usage, the program became much better than former version.
its good stop asking me
ease of setup
none
My 2018 LG 4K TV is not listed on device list
It works as advertised.  :) 
Love it.  
It's crap at controlling an XBox One.
easy to use
I love the idea of using one remote, but I'm having trouble with the buttons and settings.
for example: if I push "Watch TV" it cycles through and everything turns on except the audio amp is always on the wrong setting. then i press help to get me back on but i shouldn't have to do it everytime. there needs to be something done about this.
Ease of programming anduse
User friendly, easy means of control. 
ease of use !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
because the rubber is gettin all gluy.Battery is balloning
Eenvoudige installatie. Elk apparaat wordt herkend.
Hope setting the delay in the activities works this time...
Do not like not being able to add in certain programs - when I touch watch a movie, I would like to add to automatically mute TV
Simple to set up and effective 
a
facile mais toujours extremement lent
Simple interface
software e display
Easy to use
clareté de la procedure

Ease of setup
great product
Synchroniseren gaat te vaak fout...
10 Wenn es Funk Unterstützung geben würde
Awesome remote, even better software support
Slow connection to MyHarmony. Remote crashes.
Doesn't
Simplicité d'utilsation et bonne base de données.
yeah!!!!!!!!!
teils komplizierte Einrichtung, da PC benötigt.
Ease of use, clear
Topspul!
you guys rock!
inconsistant product
better than 5 remotes - but have to move around a bit to get things right sometimes....
Terrible sync software
it works, but a bit finniky at times
Best programmable remote on the market....PERIOD!
it works
Simplest and best
b
easy to program, easy to use
easy to use
It does everything I need!
Great Device
Sync button doesn't work half the time. It took me 30 minutes to add a device. 
Easy of remote control clutter. easy recovery after a broken 650. 
Great product, easy to set up, one fits all, very convenient!
it keeps losing touch with the activities
I bought my first Harmony remote in 2006 (880) and I just bought my second one (Smart Contol).  The 880 still works perfectly, I just updated to be able to have the phone app capability.  Congrats to Logitech for making such great products over so many years.  
Beaucoup trop long
Lenteur avec l'application de paramétrage MyHarmony, lenteur de la télécommande dans le changement de chaîne sur swisscom, elle ne respecte pas certaines séquences de mise en marche enregistrées. Dommage que plus le temps passe, plus le produit perd en "userfriendly"
Ease of setup
The Harmony remotes are a good attempt at true universal remotes, the issue comes more in inconsistent implementation
Intuitive and informative.  I always knew what was going on.
ease of use
It does everything and it's easy to set up.
Your software is one of the quirkiest I've ever seen. 8 attempts to get updates to take.
ITS GREAT
it works
easy to use
Excellent and easy to use software and good remote
Einfach und Verständlich.SehrÜbersichtlich 
Betrieb funktioniert super, Synchronisierung hakt bei Windows10
just like it
.
it'd good, old and slow, but does teh job
Seit Jahren zufriedener Nutzer. Nur die Reihenfolge der Aktionen lässt sich nicht einfach ändern. Ein verschieben wäre hier praktisch.

easy
some issues with the remote hub reaching the TV through the closet.  I had to disconnect the TV from the Hub and have the remote pointed at the TV. Not a huge deal, but down 1 point for that.
They are great.  Easy and intuitive.
So easy to use and just works great!
slow, uncomfortable, low life
easy
Wish i didn't get the touch remote. This thing has to go. Love the idea but I would prefer a model like the 665 or 700. Impossible to select a # without looking at the remote and still difficult when looking. Also, way to easy to change activities, even with screen lock on this still seems to happen.
I have always found Harmony remotes relatively easy to program, and great to use. I love having all of my remotes able to be used on one device.
This app is sucking up battery like a sponge... you need to fix that ASAP
Poor instructions 
Simple and easy to use I love it 
Best guide for updating of any software I've ever experienced! Perfect for the layman and much appreciated by this one...  
they all just do the job
very slow....

just works
software not updated on mac OS. App on iphone did NOT WORK
This is probably the worst software I have ever used. I have an 650 series remote with Desktop software.  You then tell me to download the new software. On the download page you say that Win 10 was detected and to click on a link to download another software - click the link, and voila, nothing to download. I eventually manage to download and run the software which gets stuck because another version is already downloaded and I must uninstall first. Why don't you automatically proceed with the uninstall after confirmation? Then the uninstall will not complete because the process is still running. You ask me to create a new account after I logged in already, and then when I create the mynewharmony account, you tell me my account is existing and I need to login with the old account. Then there is no option to login to the old account, just a circular process with no end.  I wasted 450 AUD on this crap software. I then tried logging in with Facebook and fortunately it worked.
it's the shiiiit
Syncing is extremely slow
Top, einfache Einrichtung, unglaublich unkompliziert im Einsatz.
easy
Great device -easy to configure 
Ease of use and reliablity. Good price poit as well when compared to other similar quality devices.
Every device I have bought this remote was able to control! It's amazing and has saved me hundreds of dollars buying more multi remote controls
Es kommt immer wieder zu Fehlfunktionen im Sinne von nicht umgesetzten Befehlen
Not all commands transferred to buttons during sync.  Latest comprehensive Harmony remotes need a smartphone or are very expensive.
my harmony one is GREAT.  I just wish the newer higher end remotes were as good :(  The button removal in exchange for using your phone is not a good one. 
the best
Easy to operate
Awesome remote
produit de bonne qualité, mais la touche marche/arret est trop proche de la touche reour rapide.
The Best
Changing activity commands doesn't provide expected input choices.  I've added the input required, but it still doesn't show up when I attempt to modify the activity.  No idea whats wrong
so difficult to asseigne NVIDEA Shield TV 2015 
synchronisierung klappte erst nach mehrfachen versuchen
It is a great product.  It has been confusing to update one button that stopped working correctly.  Hopefully I have corrected the problem but I have no idea until I try it.  
Gemakkelijk te bedienen en te programmeren
It works well
sometimes quirky
Its good, but no service center in India 
awesome
It works great
It is unbelievable how difficult this is.  All we did was buy a new TV and I am going to spend an hour updating the remote.

love my remote  will get more for other rooms

unreliable
залипает громкость, мучаюсь второй день
GREIT
Just wish this remote worked better with my Xbox.
remote did not retain commands after programming
Ease of use 
Easy and convenient, I've already recommended your product and purchased it for others
The process is great, but it could be better. I'd like an IoT remote - WiFi connectivity for OTA updates. :) (But I'd like it to be inexpensive enough that I'd buy one... haha!)
easy to use and install
simple to use 
EASE OF USE
Ease of use
remote works well but not seemlessly
none
Easy to set up. Easy to use.

easy to use easy to program great design good battery life 


Great product
sometimes doesnt work as it should
ease of use
einfach in der Bedienung 
ease of setup
I like it.
software
it's easy to use
Easy steps to follow
j
Es gibt zur Zeit leider oft Verbindungsprobleme
Aktionen sind nicht völlig frei definierbar (z.B. zusätzlicher Eingangswechsel beim Ausschalten)
Configuration ability.
alles funktioniert
software still need lots of update to make it user friendly. example activity screen reorder does not work all the time as needed - you can just give # which will be easy.
Mit der 1100 wars besser.

Total veraltete Software mit ständigen Verbindungsabbrüchen beim Versuch zu aktualisieren
asd asd asd asd asd asd 
Still trying to simplify the setup process
Setup process is confusing, and software does not always update remote as expected.
easy to use
Ease of use and it just "works" without difficulty.
Consistantly excellent preformance for the price.
Lagggs
Cant change activity order... how stupid isn't that?!
A lot of this is a pain in the ass... but when it runs, its worth it
Fast...einfach.
Easy to use interface
replacement
Giga TV Box ist nicht kompatibel
replug into usb 2.0 from 3.0 was not mentioned
Excellent!  Keep up the great work and updates!  Would be nice to know when firmware updates are happening.
good
Touchscreen/Reaktionszeit zu langsam.
enjoy the remote.
ease of use
works well easy setup
Great Remote!  Never seems to fail....
So easy
limiet van 5 apparaten is restrictief
it's always so easy to use and find new tvs and peripherals for.
It's great and simple.
Its the only remote that just works....
ease of use
always have to press the help button.  and, sometimes the remote just doesn't work
Cause it's awesome
average
Veelzijdige toepasasing
it works great but sometimes does not turn on everything at once

AWESOME REMOTE
I love the way you can customize the remote to a multitude of devices. Only issue is it is like a computer, not always what I apply will work.
Easy to use
funktioniert soweit
Ease of use!  Functionality!
super tof ding
Simple way to customise
Gerät ist so flexibel, sodass es auch meine ausgefallenen Vorstellungen zu 85% erfüllt. 
easy to use
Google Chromecast is niet toe te voegen.. het gaat mij er uitsluitend om dat Harmony One moet kiezen voor de desbetreffende HDMI uitgang het gaat mij niet om de bediening voor de Chromecast zelf. Maar voor Appel gekozen dat werkt ook maar wel een beetje vreemd hoor..
Einfache Bedienung und Zuverlässigkeit. Weiter so
Having to go through the setup tutorial every time the battery starts to die is incredibly annoying
It is my second Harmony remote, very easy to program and to use.
80% of the work is done for you.  And can go as detailed and customized as you wish.
Werkt uitstekend en goed te programmeren.
Gewoon goed product
Ease of use
This is the second remove I have purchased and I am very pleased with them.
all good
crap
Software im laufe der Zeit immer schlechter geworden kau noch nutzbar es treten dauernd neue Probleme auf. Beleuchtung der FB schaltet sich seit einiger Zeit nicht mehr aus.....
This software is really ghetto.
Very reliable and I love the Ultimate form factor, not so keen on the chunkier Elite though.
Wish the wired ir came with a longer cord
Good screen, nice range of functions - but not all commands work as expected (or are not provided by default), and BUTTONS tend to stop working too soon (esp given price of unit).
top Fernbedienung die das Leben ungemein vereinfacht, ohne möchte ich gar nicht mehr
Had trouble understanding lady
The features are great and the remote is very easy to set up.
It works well
Great to get rid of all those remote controls!!
hard to use
very easy to update
I love these remotes but the problem has always been the same - the setup software is buggy and tends to hang up quite a bit during the process.
Ease of use
This is awesome !
Doesn't always work when I set it up.
Works great with multiple manf devices
none
the updates are not working the way it shoud and my remote and hub are not syncing properly..  Hope this new update will help
having issues with driver on remote and Windows 10, have to fix and restart every time I want to make changes to my remote
compliqué pour une vieille dame haha 
comprehensive functionality
excelente control

It is a Single remote solution, simple & elegant setup.
Requires a technician to program
Werkt erg prettig
GOOD BUT NOT FOR EVERYONE
I LOVE THIS REMOTE.
I like the product and its ease of use
...
ease of use
Hub crashing randomly, losing favorites, unresponsive...
Das Design, die Play und Stop Tasten über das Display zu legen ist einfach nur daneben.
easy password recovery
Again, RUbbish application... STOP ASKING
The device is so easy to install and to use.
Gelungenes Konzept, die Einrichtung ist zu kompliziert

too many steps/issues

love it
Stuff and things AND STUFF.  MORE FREE STUFF!!!!
desperately need less back and forth. Need to be able to copy from one device to another or at least one activity to another
works very well
Werkt gewoon super mooi en betroubaar
Alle meine Einstellungen sind nicht mehr da. Es wurde in Ihrem Server nichts behalten. Somit bin ich jetzt beim erneuten eingeben aller Informationen. Jetzt hat auch noch die Fernbedienung sich geweigert ein neues Betriebssystem auf zu spielen. Erst nach zwei maligem Reset konnte ich nun die Software aufspielen. Alle vorherigen Informationen sind trotzdem weg. Ist ja klar. Bin echt gefrustet.
need pc and audio/visual experience.
Ease of use is awesome.
heb al een hele tijd, werkt nog steeds top, ondanks dat onze honden het al een paar keer als bot hebben aangezien
superb
no linux support
i really like my harmony remotes :) 
zeer te vreden over het product. Heb hem ongeveer 2jaar
Remote does not retain control settings for one of three components (soundbar). 
a little vague on figuring part numbers
Nach dem Abwischen der Fernbedinung (Mit einem Tuch saubermachen), reagiert die Fernbedinung nicht mehr. Ich muß diese kommplett Runterfahren und neu starten.
i like it
No one told me I needed a hub with the 950 when I first called about having trouble with the 950
SOFTWARE SEMPLICE ED ADEGUATO
updated software to include new devices
VU+ Receiver reagieren sehr träge.
Very difficult to get to work correctly and consistently.
works well, easy to use.
just works
It even works well with my older audio equipment
inloggen duurde in totaal 60 minuten, met ongv 20 mislukte pogingen van zowel facebook als google als logitech eigen inlog 
ease in use
Great+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++no problem
CONVENIENCE
Super
громкость
Easy to use.
buenas funciones pero configuración limitada
It's kind of dumb that I have to see this every single time I do a sync.
Great product. Cannot beat for the money.  Excellent value.
ease of use and convenience
it works and is easy
i HAVE PURCHASED TWO REMOTES AND NEITHER ONE WORKS PROPERLY. YOUR SOFTWARE IS NOT USER FRIENDLY AND THE REMOTES JUST DO NOT WORK!
Easy to use, can be used with many devices, it's also a backup to original remotes
The device is flaky and has been sending unwanted commands to my devices.
Generally good setup process, but input settings on some devices are confusing for anything that doesn't have a specific button. (ie. Pressing input button multiple times to select the correct input.) 
Very reliable
CommentsYOU HARMONY REMOTE SUCKS ASS!! Your Formware update KILLED everything! Rot in hell you worthless assholes!!
Nice as always
NA
MyHarmony software is quite old (Mac)
Gebruikersgemak
Logitech Harmony remotes are easy to configure and have been installing them since 2005!
Fun
Great Product!
horriable, slightly touch it and goes off, changes channel, or goes to another device
it works
so complicated
never works properly
simple as long as you keep cord around and download software
 DONT KNOW WHAT I AM DOING
Zu oft funktioniert etwas nicht so wie gedacht, wird ein signal nicht korrekt übergeben

cool
i love one remote for evry thing 
been having issues with remorte
easy

Funktioniert bisher alles bestens
good quality
Great remote, but sometimes you need to use the help feature due to a remote issue.
ease of use/support of different devices
Sometimes the remote has a mind of it's own.
Ok software but too slow and pretty clunky.
This is my second remote and it still made go through the tutorial when using the remote the first time.  Make it a user choice, not a forced walk through.
Simple setup, exceptional quality remotes!
TV wordt nog steeds niet goed geschakeld
old, tired, really alexa with only one hub update your product
volume not controlled on sonos playbase. unable to fix
They keep selling the 700. Best remote ever. I have known people that have tried other Harmony Remotes and told me they didn't like Harmony. After I let them use the 700 They bought one for themselves and bought me a third one as a Christmas gift for showing them it.
Easy to use (difficult to program)
Excelente producto
Einfach geil ! Perfekte Umsetzung und Zusammenfassung aller Funktionen und Geräte!
crashed when syncing... still pretty good, but my friends suck at tech things and would get worried that i recommended a bad product. got it working after ten minutes.
Easy programming
facilité de configuration et d'utilisation
ability to customize, once learning curve completed
it works very well
FACILITE DE PROGRAMMATION
ease of use
its just horrendous. when was the software writte, 2002? 

Luv it!  Easy to setup ..
Ease of use
Would give it a 10 but the sync process is extremly slow
Good but not perfect. No set up for consoles like PS4 or Switchq

werkt prima
Silverlight
very touchy
Hard to setup
.
Easy and fast
Very easy to program and use.
Not until you fix the Hue Light issue: https://community.logitech.com/s/question/0D55A00007CIHr6SAH/harmony-elite-hue-light-integration-bug
easy 
The remote does not correctly operate the transport functions(FF,RW,Play, Pause, etc) of the roku.
the control wears out pretty fast. ive already had to repair some of the buttons
Get your Alexa commands sorted
I have tried many other universal remotes, that did not work.  This one works!
Simplicité
Funktionalität und Desing
La batteria non dura niente. Si scarica anche non usandolo.
Works great with all my devices 
Works perfectly. But the UI could use some upgrades. It looks so dated.
setup is a pain
I love that you support older device like my ORIGINAL Harmony One.  We are buying three new device for our new home!
It just works, and thus far all devices I have purchased, including the Aldi cheapo TV are supported. Well done Logitech
universality of compatibility and good customer service
Awesome sauce!
Some issues with losing connectivity
it works
It's pretty buggy.  My previous Harmony, less sophistocated, fixed itself.  
ease of use
Retention of prior settings. Ease of use. 
ease of use
EASE OF USE
ease of setup
depending on the particular equipment you are trying to control, the set up can be very frustrating
Stabile und verlässliche Funktion, einfach und umfangreich anpassbar
Funktioniert
great product
It does make mistake always so i think it has not any A.I.
EASE OF USE
Having a lot of difficulty with PS4 
Never had many problems setting up new remotes. User friendly. My grandma could do it. 
yeah good

die einstellungen werden nicht im netz gespeichert
Quick and easy to change settings.
Simple, rapide et très clair pour tout type de configuration et/ou matériel.
Versitility of settings and wide range of devices supported.
werkt simpel en goed
Grundsätzlich eine tolle Fernbedienung, aber die Konfiguration über myharmony ist sehr zeitaufwändig. Viele TV-Icons fehlen, Anordnen/Umprogrammieren der 50 Programmplätze ziemlich hakelig.
great remote, esay to use
Unklare Anweisung, ein Laie bekommt das nie eingerichtet. Ich als Prifi habe es im fünften Anlauf knapp geschafft
Unterstützung vieler Geräte
Too glitchy.  Button type/positions changed radically between Harmony One and my new Hub-based one.
quality
Claire blijft meedenken op een zeer klantvriendelijke manier en met eindeloos geduld.
It works most of the time. Improvement would be a notice on the remote that the battery is low.
Couple of changes. Easy.
ease of use
YEP- !!!!!!!!!!!
They are great, although I do not like the newer remotes as much.
great products
works good, some lag sometimes
so far very easy to set up and use
easy to use
Easy to control
It works and easy to use.
Alles bestens
Stop asking.
I prefer to set up on the computer rather than a mobile device and it's restricted.  Also, would like more customization programming input delays but when I go back to customize that activity sequence, the delay I added always shows up at the bottom.  What good is that?  I can't distiguish a delay when initially turning on vs. when the devices are already powered up.  The only thing I need a delay for is the tv and receiver initially turning on.  From reading some reviews after I purchased, I'm sure nothing will change but I would love Logitech remotes if they were polished up.  
didnt work straight away
difficult to set up firestick
reliable until buttons fail over time
I can't get any support without paying money.  What's up with that?  This is the 2nd remote I've gotten and it won't work properly.  I cant get it to opperate my devices anymore.  I need help but do not want to pay money from something that isn't even a year old yet.  
Input Reihenfolge geht nicht
Easy and it works
Eats batterys and loses it memory second remot from you people and would never buy another one!
Software needs updated for latest macOS
good
Good remote.
The Harmony Ultimate has performed underwhelmingly. These remotes cost to much not to be able to update them opposed to having to buy a new one when technology changes.
handig
pas intuitif, trop complexe
Trouble syncing almost every time I update the device
easy use 
Trying to set it up gives me a headache!
always easy.
Einfach zu bedienen und zu konfigurieren.
Das beste Teil was mir jemals untergekommen ist, bin sehr zufrieden und kann jeden diese FB nur empfehlen!
ich kenne niemanden,der sich mehrere stunden hinsetzt,um seine fernbedienung zu konfigurieren und das noch über mehrere tage,bis alles so ist,wie es soll..............für technik nerds,wie mich gut aber für 0815 user viel zu umständlich!
very easy set up and i love the app
It never works right
Buttons too small , need more lite buttons
works well and value for money
usefull
funktioniert prächtig und einfach
GOOD

Thank you
the best
Program has all sorts of bugs (keys lit up for relabeling, but another key's text is in the label box, as an example).  The more I use this software, the worse opinion I get of it.
Best remote and app system I've ever used.
love the remote
Ease of setup
It works!
It works almost trouble-free
it's aweswome!

Perfecte oplossing voor alle losse afstandbedieningen
I believe the remote should do more
current user
Non-techy people trying use smart TV, AV receiver and PC streaming services.
Harmony companion is failing to respond correctly to key entries

Large database, freedom to configure almost everything.
very good
Wouldn't use anything else
YOUR SOFTWARE DOES NOT WORK FOR DELETING A CHANNEL FROM ONE THAT IS ALREADY LOADED.
Love your products and support. Big Logitech fan.
Easiest way to connect multiple systems
Harmony is top notch.  I got a new Vizio TV E70-F3, and Logitech doesn't seem to have it in the database.
If I can get it working again.
didn't take, but the Harmony remote may be broken
Everything worked great after I installed the legacy software.
cool
great products!!!!
had it for years, great device
Convenience of having one remote to replace several others.
awesomeness in the automation
Is cool man
one remote for all activities
good device, easy to setup
I am happy with the product
setup is clunky, but remote  is great when it works

It is terrible....
Great remote :)
Das Produkt selbst ist sehr schlecht verarbeitet, manche Tasten, nehmen bereits nach kurzer Nutzung, nur mehr schwer Befehle an. 
ease and comfort of use 
This remote is absolutely amazing!!!!!!
easy and it works

:)
It was a little complicated to figure out, but hopefully I did.
great products
good stuff
unreliable
Harmony setup is absolutely unbearable. As someone with three hubs, I hate needing to do any changes to add or remove a device because there's no telling what might get screwed up. The UI is of the app is horrible and confusing, too. As a technical person, I can't imagine how a lay person uses one of these remotes.
I love Harmony remotes and have used them for years.  Lack of Linux support prevents me from rating Harmony a 10!!
system is great when it works. Software is slow and glitchy and unreliable if wifi isn't perfect. remote periodically stops working.
nice
ease of use.
Great products
swell remote
GREAT REMOTE
Loading the solfware was difficult and not very user friendly. Had locating the solfware after loading and did not want to sync with new 650 remote. I findly got the solfware loaded after 45 minutes.
easy to use
Bedienungsfreundlichkeit
pratique et discret
ITS GOOD
NA
- No custom icons on smartphone app
- No actions without state. My beamer and the sound system as an example starts automatically by switching on power. I know the state of my equipment, Harmony doesn't has to track it. It shall be possible to deactivate state-tacking for certain activities and devices. I would really like to put in place an "all-off" activity. And this doesn't work because certain devices start with power on and other don't.
- Harmony is clearly something nerds love to play with (i don't know any not-nerd who owns a Harmony!). Give them the power they crave for!!!
because that's what i feel it deserves.... the color on the display is weak and not very vibrant (or even in color)
Functions well, controls are intuitive. 
I like the products, but the software can still be better and easier.
Works mostly well but the infra-red signals don't reach all my equipment and using the mini-blasters is impractical. I would like the possibility to use two hubs, located in different places. Also, I cannot control Marantz Av7704 via WIFI
love this remote
Ease of use, and compatibility with a wide range of devices.
Easy
I have had one of your remotes for 20 years and have never been happier with that decision.
It works well.
No
EASY
great remote
k
Needs Better smart plug adaptation, better Mac software
So versatile and easy to configure... I love Harmony remotes!
Great product! So easy to use!! Have owned several over the years and love each time I get a newer model
yep
Harmony makes it very easy to control multiple devices.  I especially like the ability to program macros.
we see how well it works
love my remote
z
now runs all my devices
geil
it works
sehr gutes Gerät
I've had my Harmony One for 10 years(?!)  Can that be right?  I had to get a new battery off Amazon once.  Support is still amazing.  Just changed my AV receivver and downloaded the software for the first time in 2-3 years, my new receiver is known and supported (I did check before I bought it).  All my activities are quickly updated to use the new device.  A+
simple to use
ease of use and flexibility
great
It works well and even older remotes get updates to the software
I'm lazy
very very handy
cant get tv to sync without pointing remote directly at tv
sehr einfach
This remote is great it does the best job for my system.
great device and service, always works!
The only usable programmable remote.
#Beste Universal Fernbedinung auf der Welt ;-)!!
It is one pain in the butt after another... I hate I spent this much money on something that reqires constant attention to work.
Very easy to program . . . BUT if you don't connect the remote to yor PC BEFORE starting My Harmony ain't nothing gonna get programmed!  The remote indicates it is connected but the software claims it is not connected.
easy to use, easy to program
:)!!!
Easy to setup
Continuous updates to keep Harmony working with everything I add.
Recent software updates caused remote to loose some settings and not work properly.
Hard to set up. Cables are a pain. How about wifi or bluetooth?
de afgelopen maand reageert de companion heel erg traag en soms niet ... het duurt tientallern sec. vóór de apparatuur reageert!!! de oude afstandsbediening staat er momenteel naast en die wordt vaker gebruikt ........

This is my second one.  Very happy with the first which is still in use
Total easy
its a great product  when set up correctly
Better than other universal remotes I've tried, but not seemless. Glitchy. Have to turn off and start over sometimes. Gets annoying.
easy to setup and use
easy to use
ok
Simpel zu bedienen, kennt fast alle Geräte.
Amazing what you can do with these remotes.  
Best there is...
It's just perfect! No probs to manage the household.
Bring back the Harmony One
East to do what you want
Sprachsteuetung feht an der Fernbedienung.. sonst super
EFFICACITER
Ability to customize.
Nach einer Änderung einer Tastenbelegung für ein einziges Gerät, ist die Fernbedienung nicht mehr zu gebrauchen. Es werden bei manchen Tasten Befehle ohne Ende gesendet, was die Fernbedienung vollkommen sinnlos macht, ausser für die Mülltonne. Ich finde auch in allen anderen Produkten der Firma Logitech geht die Qualität immer mehr den Bach runter.
Vollkommen unbrauchbar geworden. Nie wieder Logitech
reliability
had to find a cable that worked with remote to connect to computer.  
full of bugs and crash all the times
nice
reasonably easy for me to do. I can help them do this.
Can't edit the macros
just replacing another 650
good to use
Greate Remote
I recently switched from cable to Roku.  I have spent WEEKS trying to reprogram the Harmony Companion to control the Roku, and I am not dumb with technology.  Basically via the app, every time I try to edit an activity it starts updating the firmware, which always stops at 25% and stays that way forever.  I haven't found any help online for this problem.  Very aggravating.
love the abilty to have one controller and hide all the wiring
la simplicité de gestion
sound  bar turn on then turn off and must turn back on manually
Aber nur wenn er viel Zeit und Nerven hat
quite straight forward

nothing works now
,
Loses control of individual devices too often.
Ease of use
It's so easy to program, and the online instructions are very clear.
Software needs a significant upgrade to recognise modern OS and displays.
Its easy to change out components.
It goes through batteries faster than any other remote I have ever used and I seems to me that I have to reset activities too often -- example, when I press all off the receiver and TV will turn off, but then the TV will come back on.  Happens a couple of times a month.
Repetive question
Great remote but complicated setup.
People who are not tech savy still have trouble with these remotes. My parents for example, couldn't get it to work propertly, even though the system it was set up correctly. 
easy to use
I have to re-sync this remote at least five times, because it keeps losing commands I have added. When I switch from Watch Movie to Watch TV it completes every command, except when it is changing the TV iput, it scrolls to to the corrent input, but it always keeps reverting back to HDMI 2 instead of switching to HDMI 1.
easy
Manchmal funktionieren einige Aktionen nicht auf Anhieb, z.B. Ändern des Eingang beim TV von HDMI 1 auf 2
great option to reduce number of remotes and replace non working remotes
EXCELLENT
genial
Keep the good work up.
Backlighting should be on every remote!
its the best remote I have ever owned.
It just works when I need it to.
Alles in einem 
i made a chsnge like my other inputs on the tv i will see if that work better far  what i set up 
Really, it's great. 
Just love it and looking forward to connecting Alexa soon.
My 700 programming changed the second time I tried syncing.  Now I have to reprogram dozens of screens.  And it only occasionally connects to my laptop.  UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!
Es ist einfach und komlett auf die Bedürfnisse einstellbar. Bei mir gibt es nichts anderes mehr. Jeden Cent wert !!!!!!!!
great
Easy to setup and use
Moving settings from one remote to another
nur ein Gerät
NA
good
Ouu Yeahhh
Ease of use
My new TV is not listed yet.
none
a lot of issues syncing, need to login in every time. tideous
Sync completed successfully.  Note: Mac is saying that this software is not optimized.
used them for years
slow retrieval
.
Good stuff
The amount of customization in Harmony limits what I can do with my system
a lot of problems
perfect
great options to adapt remote
Schrott!!!
Got the help needed to set of the remote to simplify my 6 remoye :)
Very straightforward
Simplifies Viewing and removes multiple remotes

None
My experience over the years.  
have owned several. All great!
convenience
nul nul nul!!!! Lors de syncronisation on perd la moitié des paramétrages! Pourquoi?
Ease of use of the entertainment system
Worked well until the 650 started to just shut down on us. We replaced it with the Ultimate One. Have been using Harmony remotes for years.
great directions, user friendly
Lasted 7 years--Grandaughter said "This is the best invention ever"
I like it
Die erste Fernbedienung, die über eine IR-Schnittstelle auch meinen EIB bedienen kann
passt alles
Older devices not updated
gute Erfahrung
exelente

I've had it for a few years and love it.
love my remotes
flakey and buggy, even after all these years. 
the best
Awesome remote!  Best device ever!  I would recommend it to all of my friends in a heartbeat, both novices and experts!
the buttons must be pressed several times to get a response
Ease of process
This is my third harmony product and I have had several issues.  When it works, it is great.  When it doesn't it stinks.
like it

some issues with the activities working right
so simple and easy
App looks terrible on Retina Mac, as it is not optimized. App is still 32 bit, when all apps need to be updated to be 64 bit to continue working with Mac OS
The Harmony remotes get easier to program as the years go by
no problems using
Jamais deçu depuis mon achat, 2 membres de ma famille ont cette télécommande suite à mon achat.
works every time and covers many devices
you need to want to tinker with things to get this set up right. 
I'm over joyed  how the Harmony remote works!
works well
it is quite glithcy... Our Tv or sound amp oten turns itself off or changes for no obvious reason
Great remote  Easy to learn
thanks
It is still dificult for the average person to understand and configure
App locks up when you add a new device. Gives you tips on an overlay screen on how to setup your device, but lets you click on nothing. No buttons are visible. I quit the app, re-open, and if I try to login through Google again, nothing happens. I have to then clear my cache in Safari, then retry logging in on Harmony, then re-login to Google. Then rinse and repeat for the rest of the devices.
you taking too long.
Once you get tghe hang of it it is very easy to program and use.
Er kan heel veel worden ingesteld en dat is heel fijn en toch zijn de diverse functies en mogelijkheden niet altijd zo makkelijk te vinden.
It works with my AV devices and also my smartphone and Alexa
Répond à mes attentes
Buttons fail after a year of use
Seamless intergration with my home automation.
works well, but needs voice control and is VERY expensive.
TV isnt in system
Very good remote but not as flexable as I would like it to be.
Ease of set up and works as expected.
Werkt foutloos
It would be higher except it is too hard to program multiple remotes to have the same settings and there are a few things that you can't customize I wish you could.
It did exactly what I needed it to do which was to replace all of the remotes on the coffee table with one.
Ease of use
synch did not work first, 2nd time.
My last 650 died in 16 months.
I would rate this device a 10 but i run into a lot of technical issues with smart home devices like my hue lights and my nest always disconnecting. My hue lights a lot of times wont all turn on or will lag a lot and i have fast internet 500mb 
My iMac says that the Harmony App needs to be updated by the developer. It's a good app and I hope updates will occur so I can continue to use my Harmony remote effectively.
love Harmony remotes
Love the harmony remotes and their ease of use. 
ease, functinablity and that in fact does work
I have to pull the batteries out of the remote.  Sign out and relauch the software every time I want to sync the remote.
bbb
yayyyyy
Would like to be able to dim lights when you press a button like 'Watch a movie'
excellent product
very simple to program and use
I find it intuitive and simple to use.
the difficulty with handling two Harmony Hubs from the Echo Dot is ridiculous, there should be a way to name them and use that name to command the units
Das Einrichten ist sehr einfach und schnell. Die sehr gute Geräteerkennung.
I give up!!!
It's not updating the firmware like it should. It does sync new settings, but the website says there's a newer version and the versions information in the app does not reflect the latest version.
ease of use and functionality 

I don't know if it is going to work on this tv yet 
would like the display on the top of the remote, otherwise great
Outstanding flexibility with Harmony remotes!
Love it
setup app needs more refinement
Remote is out of charge after few minutes of use after being fully charged
nice remote
button update is not saving. this is the 5th time I have ad to do this
Good job!
works very well
El software tarda demasiado en cargarse
because your remotes work
easy
EXCELLENT
Remote doesn't always sync. Have to disconnect and reconnect several times and restart software.
easier than juggling remotes
multiple Harmony devices and happy with all of them!
I thought this worked out very well! Thank you!
Thanks for the great harmony ultimate remote
I just got a Harmony 700.  I copied my 650 programming, and while the software shows the buttons properly assigned, what downloads to the remote is all wrong.  UNACCEPTABLE.
OMG.  What a buggy application.  And there are so many simple things that are lacking but that could be easily added to make programming tons easier for anything but the most simple configurations.
best remote i've ever had
quirks. struggles. didn't recognize my phone network or other passwords
The touch screen is too near other buttons so mishits are common, the device is slow to respond, and mine is currently broken 
kompliziert
still reviewing remote
pain in the ass
Familie hat Problem zu bedienen
Harmony remote will not sync. Software keeps losing track of remote, thinking it's not plugged in. Remote has to be restarted to get it to sync.
i usually don't recommend anything
Enfach gut
well thought out and great support !
good
Quick, easy and fun!
Clean, simple, and easy to set up and manage.
Sehr gute Fernbedienung mit der ich all meine Geräte bedienen kann
incredibly inconsistent
Es feklen Zifferntasten, sonst perfekt!
Super apparaat!
<sfsafesfshdfhetzjtzrhehhjrhfgrhtzkmlkghmzujgfh rhdhr5hdrth rthdft hrthz rt hdft hds tg er gtergstdh dfg jngh n fgbdfs gvd
good software and good hardware
Fast
Very good product, but the harmony software interface could be updated and have a better and more understandable layout.
presque parfait
Keeps up with the latest equipment.  Have not had to use old remotes.  Love it!
Bedienerfreundlichkeit!
Found all Harmony remotes I've used very easy to set up.
always being updated
Easy to use
Das Tastenlayout war bei der Harmony One besser. Die One lag auch besser in der Hand.
it rawks
.
I would like the touch sensitive screen items to be larger, to avoid inadvertantly pressing the incorrect, adjacent command
Easy to use software and great support online.
Human interfac
Fernbedienung ist super
its great

.
not total easy to setup and use on vizio


menues are hard to navigate and understand, needs more work
simple to do
TOO MUCH HELP Button 
Volume is erratic does not always work, sometimes works flawlessly and then other times not at all..
The remote is very practical but I wouldn't recommend it to everybody due to it's price
Great FUN!
Great product, does everything i need it to do. Apart from the questionaire in the software when adding new remotes, the remotes activites set up is quite refined making everything work seemlessly
So easy to use!  We've put this remote on every TV.
programmability, although I don't understand the need for multiple accounts
Remote is very slow. Software is slow. The interface to program the remote needs to be streamlined futher. This is however better than previous models. At this point not worth 500 dollars
ease of use
multiple devices setup needs to be easier
not user friendly
It works good.
Ease of use
its easy to use
asdf
gutes Gesamtkonzept, teilweise recht kompliziert in der Aktualisierung, App bietet keine Vorteile
Decent - but clunky.  Lack of RF support is a turn off - and the higher end models that do RF don't do it well.
This remote is beyond amazing and helpful!!!

Great !!!
Easy
Really simple but versital
cool

It's handy
I tried to copy my settings from one remote to another and it told me that my login ID was incorrect, even though I signed into the software with that exact same ID to begin with. 
Het gaat nu iets beter....
Ease of use
easy functionality
pc software is super outdated and clunky
ability to control multi devices with one remote
very easy set-up and love how the remote works
too many problems keeping programming
Very satisfied
Dumm, dümmer, Entwickler bei Logitech.
Es ist ihren Freaks nicht möglich für das Philips HTS7202 eine saubere Eingangsquellenauswahl zu implementieren. Schrott hoch 3!!!!!!!!!!!!
todo esta muy detallado
love the updates for appl etv and being able to set it home 
excellent service
issues with remote being detected and often need to re- setup

User interface on a mac isn't great. Programming a Samsung TV + receiver to use the built in Netflix/SmartHub options shouldn't be so difficult.
Ease of use is amazing!
battery issues
Can't find all of the commands I want. No DVR commands.
Easy setup.
instructions are not straight forward
difficulty in updating device
seems to work well, nothing overly fancy.
Works well
To mate 1 remote with multiple devices. Set up could be easier but Love this remote
The HDMI buttons work fine using the app but when setting up activities they just try to log me into my samsung account....making what was not exactly a fun step by step programming of steps become very unpelasant.
Bedienungsfreundlichkeit, Vielfältige Nutzungs- und Einsatzmöglichkeiten
Represents several remotes in one package
This system does not support many products.
Befehle lassen sich leicht anlernen und alle Geräte leicht konfigurieren. Allerdings ist seit dem letzten Update die Verzögerung der Befehle (wie zB Vol UP/DOWN) sehr langsam. Muss jetzt tüfteln
great
Quick, easy, and very customizable.
Remote won't sync as it is forced to update which doesn;t work. Can't add a simple device using my phone, need to use computer
love my remote
One of the best universal remotes in the market.  Easily programmable
This thing works awesome and the ease of setting it up is great.
Australian female voice sounds bogan. Need to change it! Otherwise awesome!!
ability to control multi devices with one remote
Simple setup
Good concept.  Not user friendly, goes out of sync often and battery life is really short.  
awesome product and very useful
routinly loses settings
Simple step by step
It does everything I want
Fast and easy
The lcd screen will freeze every hour or so. I have to 'reboot' the remote to solve the issue. 
Many times it becomes difficult to program the remote.
hhh
The software is pretty bad and the control over non AV devices is poor. 
Replacing multiple remotes with 1 and one button activities. 
i likebit dummy it does
ujhbi
remote is good, but could use a larger screen and larger OK button
it works
Nothing new to say than the last time I did a sync..
Bij KPN gaat het radio luisteren via de tv box. Ik kan nu helaas niet via het scherm rechtstreeks het kanaal invoeren van het radiostation dat ik wilbeluisteren. Ook is het niet mogelijk om, zoals bij de tv-zenders, voorkeurstations in te voeren. Op de afstandsbediening zit geen nummeriek toetsenbord. Zou fijn zijn wanneer je zelf de optie zou kunnen toevoegen of nummeriek toetsenbord en/of voorkeurstations ingeven.
Awesome!
I have used Logitech Harmony remotes for years to handle all my audio and video devices. Logitech Harmony remotes have never let me down.
It does what I ask pretty well.  Not perfect, but a good option.
Not yet properly controlling all of my devices as my Harmony One did.
Convenience
weil ich zufrieden bin :-9
Love my remote. Ease of use and programming
user freindly
Ease of use!
j'ai pu recuperer la configuration d'une telecommande volée grace a la sauvegarde sur mon profil
Love the flexibility and the just-works refinement of the recent, hub-based remotes.
all the devives in one
The software does not even do something as easy as renaming remotes, Lots of random device disconnects during sync
no es tan funcional, 
easy
Rapidité et ergonnomie de la configuration.
Einfache Bedienung
It would be nice to show, when there is a new firmware for the remote and separatately for the hub. What are the improvements.
Logitech makes good stuff - I use your products almost exclusively for all of my input devices. The design, execution and quality has always been great.
too hard to add a simple devise
Takes 15 seconds to move a channel from one end to the other.  Way too long.
Not as good as the Harmony One
it allows me the ability to control all the devices of my me TV equipemnt thru one device - Harmony
very good thanks
software responds so but did work once it got going
This remote works great!!
Love it.
I want more disclosure on what you're reading from my remote and my wi-fi network and what you're doing with that information. Also, you try to hard to make it easy to set up that remote, that it's really difficult for those of us with non-standard setups.
Ease of use
Sometimes the commands stopp working and I have to connect it back to computer and sync again.  Usually the TV is the command that stops working.
QUALITY PRODUCT
very comfortable but something to be enhanced.
werkt prima
The software is annoying to use.  Should be a local function without need to logon.  Should only need to access the internet for device definitions.
OK, feedback everytime you change something on the remote is a little bit redundant..
Love these. I own 2.
Telephone support was very helpful
I still enjoy it every day.  Upgrading to the Ultimate One was the best thing I ever did for my entertainment experience. 
It won't retain Bluetooth syncs with my Firestick if not used for a while.
remote keeps powering on and off, intermitedly will not control cable box. have had to re-sync numerous times with no improvement. have tried changing batteries multiple times and still no improvement
Takes long to reboot after editing scenes, could be easier and quicker to edit. Sometimes, when the remote is in use, it will randomly stop loading a scene.
i like being able to have one remote
good
It Works
I likew the customizability and how you can take your current remote and force install the IR command.
very good
It's a great remote.
na
The remote does not like when I try to use devices without using sequences. That part is super annoying...
Cooles Teil
seemless
easy to setup, and accurate commands some have to fix it myself,but it was very easy again
This is getting amazing!!!
Problematic and unstable software and actual remotes incompatibility with devices that have been "Synced". FAILED ITEM Shame how Logitech is losing quality wit credibility ! 
*FYI : THIS IS NOT THE 1ST LOGITECH ITEM THAT HAS FAILED SINCE PURCHASING  *
gas
All in one, very easy to operate.
phone app sucks!!!! it just does not work
Awesome
just gets rid of all those other remotes
Software lento y poco amigable
It's amazing
No comment
hard to get used to!
alles etwas umständlich!!!
Einrichtung ist einfach und uebersichtlich. Aber die Synchronisation mit der Fernbedienung funktioniert nur in 1 von 10 Faellen (Neustart, USB trennen etc). 
I'm tech savvy but these instructions are ridiculous.  It appears this remote can do many things but the instructions are less than helpful. 
its getting better
So easy to setup and use!!!!!
I love it although I wish I could add devices to an activity through the app after initially creating the activity.  
First day of usage = so far so good
You can add virtually any remote that you need!
it did what i wanted it to do
this device works with my old surround system which i had lost the original remote to years ago
It is good but should have icons built in to software. I shouldnt need to upload a commonly used icon
redelijk goed in omgang 
I like the remote, but it sometimes doesn't work properly
relative ease of use  
Slow and crappy app.
Please throw out Silverlight!
Ease of setup
excellent but not perfect
Wife still gets confused, but I like it. Seems like the harmony IR signal is not as strong as previous models, or perhaps my AV switches are just problematic, but I have a lot of issues with HDMI hub or optical audio hub not going to correct settings
Wish the interface for updating the remote was more straight forward
I can't get it to learn how to just turn the split AC in my house on and off. Been trying to relearn the IR command but it won't work.
i find it Quite complicated, but im 72, retired and not tech savvy
werkt super makkelijk
With this unit, I have to hit the 'help' button frequently
Works great most of the time, but not 100% of the time.
very good
Ease of adding and deleting devices
Your excellent support
ok
SIMPLICITY
PLEASE STOP ASKING!!! AND YOUR SOFTWARE IS RUBBISH, WHY CAN'T I RE-ORDER DEVICES!!!!!!!
customer service
nice....
Easy to program
Great product!
zufrieden mit der Fernbedienung
I like to press buttons fast. It seems like there is ~second or so lag to the harmony remote and it sometimes doesn't register. fan of the Hub, though. 
much simpler than old software
The repeated HELP I got to set up the various devices
It usually works just like it is supposed to - using one remote so much easier
The unit is to complicated and to fidigity to change channels etc.
easy to use and configure
Doesn no alway connect. If you could make it better to switch between harmony hubs 
apple tv box bitte hinzufügen -denn apple fernbedienung ist not good
great universal remote
Einfache Einrichtung, viele Geräte voreingestellt.
Ease of configuration.
work well, except for 25% with android app
Easiness of use. Wide range of devices, reasonably priced.
i like product
battery does not charge fully and has less than one night's use
This set up and/or change process is idiot-simple.  Perfect for me.
Einfache Installation unterschiedlichster Geräte; alles mit einer Fernbedienung
because it's cool
Set-up is excessively complicated.  Activities are not flexible enough.  For example, my AV receiver turns itself on automatically when the TV is turned on, but the activity insists on powering it on anyway.  Linking to Alexa is excessively complicated.  The whole thing seems badly thought-out and designd.
Very convininet UI
Es ist sehr einfach einzurichten und sehr übersichtlich. 
Difficulties and incompetence - as in sending me a mouse to replace my defective remote.
Sehr einfache und intuitive Bedienung
Setup is long
....
This remote is simple to configure and works very wellfor my purpose.
would be an 8 if edits were possible via remote and not requiring MyHarmony app/computer
remote wouldn't sync. Settings for Roku Premiere+ are not available.
There should be an option to view a map of your device with each Activity.  And the ability to sync the button across all activities or specific activities so that we do not have to continue to edit that same button in each activity manually. 
Also, why not stick to 1 UI for all remotes?  Or at least give us the option to choose.  When using more than one model remote it is awkward to go back and forth with the UI to program each remote. 

Great product!
Die Fernbedienung ist perfekt und ersetzt mir 5 andere Fernbedienungen auf dem Tisch.
some times is missing the configurations
geen
easy to use and setup
Syncing the remote gives little feedback on what is happening. The button changes colour, and then nothing happens. Had to restart the program in Administrator mode for anything to work. Harmony 650
lot's of issues
easy to use, works great
Easy to use
ease of use
It works well!
Ease of use, excellent customization options
Up to six devices can be added!
The My Harmony software is horrible! I had to restart 3 times to get it to work. So much complaints on your website, but nothing being done.
remote no longer works,  first backlight on buttons stopped working,  the remote will only work if plugged into outlet
no support for Vera home controller
having to login to change settings is really annoying
Software is good, layout is of hardware is bad.
Great kit, not the best desktop app to configure
easy
sweet and so easy to use wow
products are easy to use and to set up.  Some minor hiccups every now and again when switching activities but otherwise a pleasant experience. 
It can be complicated for none techies.
very easy setup
it looks very powerful, but I have to discover a lot more
remote sux it doesnt last always have to reset
Great Remote
not clear what to select for antenna input
it works
Sometime hard tomake it work. Not always intuitive. Overall useful and a useful universal remote.
Sucks batteries way to fast and looses its mind to often.
Nach dem aufgezwungenen SW-Update heute musste ich meine Harmony fast von Grund auf neu einrichten :-(
juist
easy hook and fast load
Easy to use !!!
easy to set up
I like this product. It controlls all of my HiFi and tvs from the one controller.
easy
Ease of use
It keeps forgetting my settings, and I need to reprogram it every few months
I've had lots of trouble with it.
vielseitig
Aazing device never experience anything better 
human interface
Harmony 700 is not switching sources.  
options and control 
configurability
It was easy
super einfach
Makes turning on a complicated AV system easy for anyone.
Has stopped working so having to reset it. Not sure that this will work. 
Ondersteund niet alle funties. Apparaten schakelen niet correct in. Volgorde van inschakelen is niet te wijzigen.
Setup is not as easy as it should be.
sehr gute und einfache Bedienung

Not clear how to delete power-on power-off steps for specific devices. Remote that has worked flawlessly for a decade now hangs often with new programming.
Programmation plus simple.
Häufig wird die Synchronisierung bei 99% abgebrochen, bzw. bleibt hängen
neuer Panasonic Fernseher noch nicht in der Datenbank und musste umständlich von Hand eingerichtet werden
it does everything

Still the best...
it stopped working after a few months. Installed new batteries and it just sits at a certain spot and doesnt do anything
Should work with all devices.
Zu flache Einrichtungsmöglichkeit. Kaum optionen,...
some of the fine tuning is hard
Software is outdated and hogging system resources.
Es werden mehrere Geräte nicht gefunden und das ist schwach, bei dem Preis!
Ease of setup.
I've throuble with conection with alexa app
simple and easy !


it was easy
Great!!!
Language changes not complete. Function good.
app is fairly easy to use. i like the convenience the remote offers.
Non funziona niente
It is pretty good!
wonderful device
Ease of programming.  
Great device
software very glitchy
Easy as pie.
Awesome remote but does take some time to configure. Would recommend for fellow geeks but less so for my parents.
it's fast and easy to set up
loses its info
For whatever reason, it seems as though there is now a very narrow angle that the remote must be in to communicate w the devices- not like before and nothing has changed and it is frustrating.
Elite works well
none
very good
SIMPLE SETUP
good remote
easy and can make your own settings
Pain in the ass to set up. Doesn't always sync. Loses settings.
Sehr praktisch und gut handzuhaben 
still wok
ease of use
remote sux and software harmony also why lock out login for 30mins? its only a remote not a bank account
love it
Im very satisfied with this product.
Easy to use
This is my second Harmony Remote, because I enjoyed the first one so much. The new model I upgraded to has way more features than the previous one. The setup was super easy and actualy an enjoyable experince because of it.
Es excelente

too complicated
Ease of use
love it
You guys are the best of the best of the best...
goede ervaringen mee en werkt goed bij meerdere apparaten
works so well
Leider ein doch sehr hoher Preis.
difficulty with 
Buttons change or stop working for no reason. ?
versatility
easy to use
Battery in remote does not last long
easy programming and use and very durable
Easy set up process and easy to controll all devices with one remote
i love only having one remote
The MacOS app now runs my computer at max fan speed, apparently because not updated for the current MacOS High Sierra. Good product otherwise. Please consider an update. Thanks.
goede bereikbaarheid en ondersteuning
Gets rid of the "basket of remotes"
WORKS BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL REMOTES OF THE DEVICES AND HAS A GREATER RANGE.
updated great
its so easy and convinient. i dont have to use my 5 previous controlls
terrible interface. takes 30 minutes just to change something
Awesome
harmony hub and alexa work well together
The Best Remotes. I have been using them for years.
Great product
poor support for brightlink bl-8x8-hdbt
Hard to setup
Terrible setup
good service and works very well
works well so far
Not as easy as the video suggests.
the Harmony 1 just works...every time!
Really like the remote but I had to purchase a new one becuase my first broke after less than a year. 
huge database of devices all over the world. the best universal remote i have ever had.
im so fucken impressed i cant help the profanity. i never fill these things out nor do i ever email companys with any feedback mostly because you never get what is promised. However this product has so far performed perfectly in setup and ease of operation. its worked first time on all of my ancient components. You people have got ya shit together! Keep doin what ya doin. Well done and thankyou. PS Now if ya could add a option for programming the mute button to work on the misses that would be awsome!
Easy to use, can load multiple devices
Getting better I think
Really like the remote but I had to purchase a new one becuase my first broke after less than a year. 
clunky
turrible - charles barkley
VERY EASY SETUP
doesnt work
really poor instructions
ease of use
Very good product and the user doesn't have to be an engineer to use the software
nicht alle sender sind verfügbar
Super Design & Funktion
Still trying to configure devices... hoping desktop software will help in the project.
Simple to manage.
The instructions are too comparmentalized and so if you don't have a laptop and understand what the overall procedure is, you wind up wasting a lot of time running between rooms! 
I have only tested out the TV feature, but I like the ease of the product
It is easy amd convenient

It's a 
using this remote is like banging a sunset over a waterfall
All the software feels like beta software.  For a $300 device I would think it would be better!
Amazon Fire TV doesn't work with this remote.
bffsf
Really poor software and integration with your own hub.  Regardless of device.  I tried Mac, Iphone, Windows and Android.  They all had multiple issues.
should have rf without hub
easy
Programmation très lente, digne d'un autre siècle.
I've had several issues with the app from not loading not even recognizing the remote. I've had to program everything from my computer so far, which has limited access.
XXX
can't remove action from bottun 
Very useful
Great remote, but programmnig it on a 2017 Macbook Pro I get warnings that the Developer needs to update this application to optomize it for my Mac, side from the the fans run quite hard.
It's soooooooooooooooooooo EASY to program!  I spent HOURS and HOURS into the "wee hours" trying to get three different "universal" remotes working with my A/V gear.  What a (BAD!) "joke" and waste of time.  I wish I had known about your product earlier.  There was only one significant issue I ran into which was configuring the receiver's optical input; I had to revert to the OE remote, but once that was set up, it was all GREAAAT!

Hard to fgigure out.
The remote freezes constantly, and commands are delayed as if it cannot keep up with the commands.
Easy to use.
Awesome.
friggin awesome
I cant reorder essential steps for one of my main activities.  The user interface for this wizard is terrible.
easy to use
Effective and friendly control of devices and activities
Weil ich bisher kein Gerät gefunden habe was nicht funktioniert

Expérience personnellle
Buggy, not much user friendly and intuitive. Takes forever to update the remote.
950/Elite not nearly as ergonomic as the Harmoney One. Also should have a "lay down" charging cradle vice "stand up" If this software was in the 950/Elite software was in the Harmony One layout/package it would be a perfect "10".
easy to set up
It works good, interface isn't the best.
Nice remote, but I've had 3 of them that the screen got cracked way too easily
It would be really nice to be able to copy an activity into a new one and then edit the new one. I'm having to set up the buttons on 3 tvs/2 tivos (yes, that's 6 times) because I don't see any way to do a copy. :-(
Excellent!!
so far it is working as expected and easy to program
annoying to program


Can't update remote firmware via app - PC required
Excellent
easy to use
NA
No device controls for Amazon Alexa. Just activity controls.
After setting up everything the device works wonderfully.  The interface could be better, and there could be a delay available between powering on with CEC devices as the TV changes the input when it get to a certain point.
ease of use
easy to use
Good for controlling multiple devices but a little hard to set up
 very good for basic systems
Often loses recognition by Amazon Echo; often forgets button functions and requires re-sync.
this remote is very picky on the usb cord that is used. 
Love the simplicity of the setup.
ease of use and features
Still too difficult with
Easy setup and configuration, plus it just works.
xie xie
excellent response I like that you can re program at any time!
They are great for combining the functions of many remotes so we only have to use one!
Extremely difficult to use and keeps failing and not responding, and directions on what to do are not clear!
Flexibility of programming has disappeared from My Harmony.
Changing closing actions is difficult to program
love all it can do in one tool
einfache bedienung
Praktisch
Alles einfach und sehr gut strukturiert!!
it good
gut gemacht
Unit keepps resetting
It Just works.
I've followed the instructions to a tee, still have problems getting all of the functions to work.  On Off on the tv and volume control doesn't work.  I even went back to factory reset and started all over with the same result.  Really unhappy since I am just a  month or so out of help
Easy
Plantae de la synchro 9 fois sur 10. Scandaleux !
I Love This Remote
just great remote!
works great
great product and works as stated.
Could be simpler to setup/use, a little confusing
Easy to configure
Long wait time for customer assistance.  Did not have all the devices I needed.
Had to delete Touch, and recreate ALL the attached devices AND ALL the activities. Could not connect to Harmony.com after eight trys.
doesnt work properly, a complete waste of money!
it seems like the remote forgets commands and i have to sync it every month or so
good
Theres a bit of delay that can be annoying. Setting up more complicated actions is slow (theres a lot of button pressess to just add 2 down press on a single device).  Theres a bug on the app when adding commands that when you reorder it loses some of the commands.  Overall I like it though.
Connects easily to other devices.
Convenience & Speed, user friendly
Been using mine for years now.
excelente adaptacion a los electrodomesticos de la casa
does not work with ROKU3
love it
das sendersuchen hat ein ende
Is good easy to setup.
Het is een fantastisch apparaat.
De service is in principe uitstekend.
Alleen.... Bij telefonisch contact tref je elke keer een andere deskundige. Die moet zich dan weer inlezen, is het verslag van de vorige keer duidelijk (?) en hij/zij kiest dan weer een eigen weg. Als dat niet lukt moet er worden geconsulteerd en soms blijft dan de contactpersoon geheel weg en komt er weer een ander tevoorschijn; hetgeen de voortgang niet bevordert.
Ook is het jammer dat uw medewerkers niet meer uit kunnen bellen. Praten is toch vaak verhelderend - goed doorvragen is een kunst - en het bevordert een goede oplossing.
Once you learn how to use it, it is absolutley fabulous. The functions itdoes forone remote is remarkable
Bestbuy uses it for all their tv's! its a great remote!
alles top
Good software, great product.
It works
ease of use easy to set up 
great
It's an excellent product
Ständige Verbindungsabbrüche. Keine Synchronisation möglich. Nicht zu empfehlen

Einfache Bedienung und nur eine Fernbedienung.
Alles sehr gut.
Well organized, easy to follow
schnelle Programmierung
Struggling to make remote work with Hisense 39P4
programming addition android bozes / buzz tv boxes if very difficult. for each button press, the unit responds with 2 commands. 
Akkulaufzeit deutlich zu kurz; Kapazitätserhöhung????
I am very pleased with my Harmony Remote. It has served me well, thank you.
Ease of use
very easy to set up
Ich war bereits langjähriger Nutzer der Harmony One und bin zudem seit ca. 12 Jahren treuer Logitech-Kunde im Bereich PC Gaming-Equipment. Durch meine guten Erfahrungen würde ich Logitech Produkte stets der Konkurrenz vorziehen. (Zudem gibt es keine Konkurrenz im Bereich moderner Touch-Universalfernbedienungen)
Works well, no real competition in this market.
ease of use
I have 2 remotes and they are both excellent

I love Logitech.  I have remotes, keyboards and mice.
ease of set up
Difficult to add devices
Battery is drained too fast. Hard time for Windows 10 to identify H650 and Sync.
Many thanks
set up was really easy, but still required help from best buy geek squad. very easy to use once set up was completed. 
It is ok, but certain features are so slow it makes it frustrating at times
quality remote that has many features
Teilweise sind gewisse funktionen auf der App nicht auffindbar, Aufbau der App und PC anwedenug sind sehr unteschiedlich aufgebaut sehr unübersichtlich, Ständige updatesuche und Synchronisation, Fernbedienung muss am PC angeschlossen werden
I have recommended it on many occasions.  Severl friends have bought one.
Unable to sync Amazon Fire Stick
Easy set-up and use
Price (Goodwill had it)
Het ding werkt goed maar niet alle functie van Samsung Horizon worden ondersteund.
Sometimes you can Customize Some things, and Sometimes you can't.
The Directv box will not turn on since Directv update.
Very happy with remotes
Weil Gut.
Ease of use and programming
easy to use.
Comfort
there is a slight learning curve to this remote
Seriously, this app is a joke! And none of the mobile apps are any better
Overall good, but the login needs to be fixed.  While installing the Harmony software on a different computer, the software recongized that I had an existing myharmony.com account but would not let me sign in
great device
Love It!
it's a wonderful product
Customizable set up
Still seems complicated to get everything working well together.
this remote is great,i really love it.Very easy to set up and use.Didnt think it would work whit my one x but it does,great.
Logitech has been very helpful with installing and making changes to my remote
einfache Bedienung,Installation
I Like How one button can turn everything on and off
No linux support, touchscreen sends commands when just picking it up 
Great product
need to use help often
I want to be able to remove commands from buttons for specific devices.  I want just my volume control to be realized by my sound bar, not my tv.
excellent
Still quite a convoluted and complex process to set up the Harmony remote. Software is slow and crashes often...
Shit software
Farbtasten werden nicht mehr als symbole in der FB angezeigt

Soy usuario de Ubuntu y tengo que recurrir a Windows para configurar el teléfono
To many devices can't be comtrolled with Harmony One, for example PS4 and Denon HEOS.
Could be more user friendly.
Die software ist wunderbar auch als einsteiger mann findet alles im internet zu der software 
Once it's finally set up, it works well. But the set up takes forever because you encounter problem after problem. It's never simple. I changed my router and it took hours to reconnect the hub because it would not accept my network password. It's ridiculous.  It was the only device that gave me trouble.
Clarity and simplicity
jo
funktioniert gut
Works with Alexa & Google Home.
i like it always.........other than it has too many useless buttons.
;)
its a cool remote  not amazing  but one of the better universal remotes
Perfect
Ease of use and setup
leicht zu programmieren und zu bedienen
.
Can't change the order of the Activities listed on screen
The mobile app for Harmony set-up is terrible
10
easy set up
Once setup, so simple to use
looses connection with Amazon Fire TV every other week
flexibility is great, however sometimes the remote has trouble turning on and off my equipment.
GEwoon prima
it goes out of sync often
Ease of use, good internet service.
''''
Pretty easy to use
Das teil ist einfach nur geil!
The copying of settings feature appears to no longer be available when wanting to transfer all data from an older harmony to the new one.
It no longer turns on my DVR automatically.  I've tried the help button multiple times every time and it just won't work.
White screen issue
It takes a bit of time to learn how to program your control
nice device no issues 





Ease of use
easy
Easy to follow instructions - and it works perfectly.
too bad it is not working with Alexa in Europe
All wi-fi devices can find my network except Harmony Hub.
ease
Slow to sync
Software is terrible, remote doesn't sync most the time
Somewhat difficult to get proper input to each activity.
Easy and conveniant. The asistant can be annoying though.
Les appareils se désynchronisent souvent. Cela semble arrviver plus fréquemment lorsque les batterries sont faibles...
pour la satisafaction de son utilisation

Prima in te stellen. Alleen srcollt het menu snel verder, kan ook aan de muis liggen.
the remote seems to learn things, but hen loses them or forgets so you have to re progam.
It's the best.
Ease of programming. Normally intuituive.
its ok
bigger display would be perfect but not for a 300 bucks, bring the price down.
Relatively easy after Harmony software installation.  Wired hookeup bit of a hassle
they are great remotes.  they wok better than many of the others I've used in the past

WORKED FOR 3 MONTHS, NOW NOT SYNCHING WITH TV COMMANDS, EVEN AFTER MULTIPLE SYNCHS AND READ OF DEVICE
Easy to use software
great product
keine
Aurais aimé avoir la commande numérique physique
bello, comodo, ma non perfetto, però lo consiglierei di certo!!
Changing the initial setup (due to error assigning an input) was FAR too complicated!
Having some trouble with some settings but generally good.
its a pain in th arse to set it up the right way at first and then it is hardd to swith between volume.
great
no 5gig wifi
great system of remote meets ease of programming.. it does get out of sync a bit too often and I did have to get a new remote when the previous one stopped syncing, but overall a great experience!
...
not working properly - if the sync and updates work then for sure !  but right now its been a month since purchased and not functioning as told ....thx kindly for helP !
ease of setup and use
Awesome!
Quite simple
Screen should be at top, not forward/reverse controls.  Controls are too sensitive.  Touch screen swipe operation not explained and not intuitive. Like my okd Harmony One+ much better.
good

I am liking it so far
The remote does a great job, but it does require a bit of tech savy to use and program.
it is a good remote
Easy to set up
The hub never connects to the app even though I am using the same wifi
difficulty and complexity to program and retain information for correct usage
best
your staff changed my delay settings to get my tv to turn on with the ret of my devices, but I still have issues switching between devices.  If I switch from my Roku to watch tv I lose my tv signal and cannot get it back.  If I star by just using the tv the Roku comes on and not the tv.  If I start with the Roku sometimes the cable tv loads instead of Roku but with the setting for my Roku so I cannot even watch tv instead.  Its just messed up.  I am trying to resync hoping the remote will work correctlyl.  I am getting really tired of all this!
works great! 
good product
great product
Ease of setup, with advanced options available.
Still learning
Logiciel très imparfait, difficultés de mise à jour de la télécommande (il faut enlever les piles pour qu'elle soit de nouveau détectée par le PC)
Great Functionality
easy to use helpful in everyway
amazing
Set up was easy but I haven't tried anything yet
Once setup correctly it can be a powerful and hopefully user friendly remote. I love it but I caution "Technically Challenged" individuals, for you it may be a bit daunting. 
NEED TO FINISH PROCESS
The software is great.
Ease of use.
great product
suchfunktion ohne die original remote zu haben, wäre das dicke ende :-)
The Remote is easy to program but I can't get my Fire TV to program. 
While I was able to set it up to turn on my TV, even though I programmed it to utilize HDMI 1 port for the DVD player, it keeps using an HD input. I have tried everything in the book and online to no avail!
Bedienungsunfreundliche Software! Bluetoothsteuerung fehlt!
So far it seems to not work very well with my devices.  I will see after I work with it more....
easy set up even for a beginner like me
I liket the versitility
awesome! love it!
easy to set up 
fairly easy to set up but i dont think my non tech savy people would be able to understand this but thats what im for
Complicated settings to understand
so far pretty easy
Noch nicht 100% ausgereift
Es war nicht ganz einfach die Fernbedienung zu installieren, aber auch nicht unmöglich, mit viel Geduld als Laie.
top
Needs better User interface.
Give me a minute to use the remote. It's impossible to give a recommendation based on just setting up the remote.
IT'S PRETTY AWESOME
I have wasted so much time trying to set up the simplest of activities around a PC.  The iOS application does is not compatible with advanced systems like Ubiquity so enabling a legacy access point is necessary.  Further adding to the frustration is that my 1100 worked very well until breaking and forcing me to move to this new platform.  
My SFR box keeps unsynching with the remote and I press Help 10 times a day
easy to use and understand
ease of use
sds
.
Love my remote! 
Abenteuerliche Anleitung; Skill alleine schon wegen der fehlenden Beschreibung unterirdisch
leider ist die Giga tv Box gelistet aber es geht trotz dessen nicht 
too many steps. i only have an ipad and had to borrow a pc
great when working properly but prone to technical mix-ups.  activities have changed over night. :-(
Mooi instelbaar naar eigen smaak.
XXX
I have had to set up my activities over and over, with poor results each time. 
really good control, not very friendly or quick to set up
SO EASY A CAVE MAN COULD DO IT.
very confusing when trying to use on other tv, made tv not work. 
NOt to easy to set buttons up

Bad battery preformance
wouldnt let me sync for a very long time, i reset the remote, changed batteries, reinstalled software, updated my computer and over and over again it wouldnt let me...then just randomly it did after many attempts. and yes tried other devices. sorry but it needs to be more reliable
Well, now the controller doesn't work to turn on the dvd player and it has stopped finding the Dish input at Video 1 as previously programmed. This unit has become a paper weight, not good for much else. Going back to using three controllers!
very easy to follow. I hope it works as well
MacOS app uses more resources than reasonable. It's literally the only time I hear my fans spin up. Also, why do I need to register an account to use a remote control? Privacy is important. Can't recommend Logitech because registration is mandatory. Please fix! It doesn't even seem necessary.
easy setup
HARD TO CONFIGURATE
First setup try didn't work well. Trying again. I think it will be OK this time.
too slow and cmplicated
1 button control for my recieve and auto matic switching of inputs. I love it so far
so far setup is simple
im having trouble with the jbl sound bar
once set, works well

it works
The best high performance remote. Top of the Line!!!!!!!!!!!!
Einrichtung ist leicht verständlich.
The app makes this remote simple to setup and configure the various things that I want to be able to do with my smart tv and home audio system
Einfach nur TOP
product works
Great remote for technologic savy but not so easy for those who aren't.
good
You should have a customizable remote be the primary, instead of activities.  And why am I finding cables to plug my hub into my computer when they're on the same wifi network?  It's a shame you don't have any real competitors in your space, I think you could be so much better.
buen producto
Love this remote.
Increasingly harder to use and less reliable. Quite often now have to resynch and reprogarm
convenience and efficency
I've owned a couple of models and they've all been great!  Work as needed and extremely user friendly.
Thanks for saving me from a high priced custom AV Installer!
most of my friends would not undere stand hoe to set up
the remote is too slow. takes 1 second for each button press to actually send the command.
Software redirected me to set up new account (despite account already set up) .
Had to uninstall / reinstall the software...
poor battery life and have to reload program when changing battery
Sehr zuverlässig
It's simple to use and there is no trouble.
It is handy having one remote control several devices
no one is perfect
Been having problems with the remote lately.
easy setup
The cost was affordable and works with ST HUB with AI by Alexa.
I just love the integration with our Google Home Minis for voice control
dsgdfgf
It seems like every time I change it, or turn off a TV or on, I have to use the Help function to get everything off/on. 
Interface software on the mac is average.
simple interface - quick results
Remote is buggy and constantly needs resync
Too hard to get the volume on the soundbar to work.
Works fairly well and is easy to set-up.
good
WONT SHUT OFF
Could not get input on tv to automatically change whe I select activity, have to do this manualy so am defeating the purpose of doing away with extra steps and remotes
It's good, but lacks a few options like assigning commands from one device to another device.
good universal remote, had some glitches, battery life is not great.
sometimes it just doe not work and the help button has to be used.
Awesome app
lots of setup options!
I believe you made it easy. now I have to see if it works
Easy to use!
easy to set up and seems great so far
ease of operation, compatability with devices, one remote to rule them all
its not working
ja
muy buen control
Die Installation war schwierig. Es hat einige komplette Neustarts gebraucht, bis der Hub im Netzwerk war und gestartet wurde.
Die Übernahme der Konfiguration einer Harmony 700 aus der Harmony-Software 7.7.0 hat nicht funktioniert. Dazu wurde ein Login mit eineer Mail-Adresse verlangt. Ich habe in der Harmony-Software aber ein Login mit einem User-Namen und nicht mit einer Mail-Adresse.
Daher war die Konfiguration der Harmony Hub sehr viel aufwendiger als erwartet.
it can be pretty tricky
a+
easy transparent setup
Pairing with Amazon Firestick (either generation) after telling me to start the process of pairing on the firestick you don't say how to pair the remote!.....F'ing stupid....the firestick is waiting for a command/touch of a button, and the remote won't do anything.
I'm not keeping the remote. After 10 yrs since my last Harmony remote I thought it would be trouble free or at least give complete instructions on pairing to a device.
did not take my old setup and will not fix without a remote that i do not have
Does not connect to Bose soundbar 300. Major disappointment.
GOOD
EASY
Remote not yet working properly with tv
after two hours I cannot even get the remote to turn on my tv.  
too slow and majority of teh times it does not work, i dont recommend it!
Can't reorder my activities. To to swap them due to buttons not working.
It doesn't always work.
its ok

Too expensive for what little the product actually does.
When the system is up and running, it is wonderful. Making changes to the remote using the software is very confusing/not user friendly.
ease of use
Easy to use.
its not perfect
great

slow response time
...
This works great.
The remote hangs after syncing.
Device keeps rebooting instead of doing the commands I ask it to do...
+++
Pro: Fairly easy to setup, updates available;  Con: Having to keep it on a charger, cost
seht gutes ding :)
Excellent setup, comprehensive device database, pleasant usage. 
A better tutorial design would have made it easier to program.
Ease of setup
Everytime I change a component all I have to do is hook it up and sync.
Disappointed
nICE REMOTE
Good experience with this and previous Logitech Harmony RC.
delay in button pushes
outstanding product
SIMPLE AND EASY TO SETUP
Great Product!
Remote does not do what is programmed
Easy setup so far
Difficultyof installation
Funktionn wie erwartet.
Had to start using a Spectrum cable box.  Harmony already had it in their list of devices.
not as easy to set up as i thought
EASY 
just got it
Instructions are not easy to understand. Having problems with setyup and Inputs and is difficult to setup
Conversion from old software was harder than it should be
a little tricky until you get used to it
customer service. timely. quick.
Pretty intuitive to setup.  I will buy four more for my other TVs
it still cool
Software wirkt sehr altbacken, nicht zeitgemäß und keinesfalls intuitiv. Warum muss ich einen Befehl für das Ausschalten eines Gerätes eingeben, wenn ich das Gerät immer eingeschaltet lassen möchte? Außerdem funktioniert das Umschalten bei manchen Geräten nicht wirklich. Durch das fummelige Menü in die richtige Einstellung zu kommen ist ein Grauß und bewirken tut es auch nicht. Wie öffne ich beispielsweise den Task-Manager beim ATV? Das und viele andere Dinge stören mich. Hätte ich die Fernbedienung nicht zu einem Schnäppchen-Preis bekommen, hätte ich sie für das Geld was dafür verlangt wird postwendend zurückgeschickt.
convenice all in one for everything and easy to set up
Default setup and aailavle configuration and support is awesome
ease of use and setup
My one complaint is that the remote does not work well (with no harmony box) with Amazon firestick.
issues 
Sehr einfache und übersichtliche Bedienung!
Remote keeps losing commands and stops working. Keep having to reboot or resync.
versatilità
take more than 12hrs yo uopgrade
Es können nur Unterhaltungsgeräte programmiert werden (Licht, Ventilator,... geht nicht) somit unbrauchbar
Difficulty setting up "Activites"
Frustrating being able to re-order commands in an activity, takes a lot more effort than it should
Le manque de controle de l'apple TV , ne peux pas lancer les appli automatiquement comme MY canal , netflix ..... Sinon la telecommande serai parfaite 
So easy to use on multiple devices
Programming of remote is hit and miss
System is far to complicated- and I'm a pretty tech person.  Rarely does anything work on the first go around when setting up.  I'm setting up a 2 hub home with extensive background in IR/BT/wireless, and the amoiunt of reconfiguring and just plain pulling solutions out of my ass to get things working (like having to force close then clear Harmony app data) on my phone to get the hub to reconfig properly is just crazy to think a non-tech person could handle.  I am in the process of reconfiging a used Harmony Ultimate remote & hub and what a non-intuitive hassle this is!  I'll get thru it, but wow- no wonder the guy sold it to me in brand new condition- I'm sure he was just perplexed!  The whole system needs to be reworked, that's all there is too it.
Vielseitig

Easy to setup and use and they stand behind their equipment
easy to do - works well
easy to use
a little difficult to setup for a novice
Half my devices are not in your data base and so far no activities work.
So far, so good...
A very durable remote that has great functionality.  Only thing keeping it from getting a 10 is that it cant controll my Playstation 4.
Tolles Gerät
zu viele fehler
Alles sehr übersichtlich und einfach zu gestalten...
So easy!
not sure yet
Easy to set up and manage
meh 
Very convinient remote. Replaces 4 remotes.
mx

Cool device
everything
easy
didn't work out of box after programming
This is a great remote which is easy to program
Set-up wa easy and worked well with the on-board help on the remote.
fjk
easy setup, simple to use, eliminate remote clutter
a little difficult to get started and to understand how to set up
having one controller
Easy to use, many features
Gute Software, gute Qualität, gute Datenbank
good for people willing to put in the set up work
Havent had it long enough
Informations de démarrage incomplète pour telecommander une freebox revolution. Nécessité d'utiliser un adaptateur, sans mentionner lequel + lien vers swisscom qui ne fonctionne pas !!!
you suck
Sketchy functionality. Still working to get control I need.
It's easy to set up and so many functions
is cool 
awesome easy walk through

The customization of the screen menus
directions are not clear and it doesnt work!!!!
Does not change to correct input on TV.  Otherwise easy.
zxcvxc
ITS SO AWESOME I LOVE IT
trying to teach wife to use
they r nice once set 
yes 
EASY
easy
I purchased this so I didn't have to use a separate remote for my Bose Cinematic sound system.  But so far, this remote isn't operating it either, so I may just return it.
Ease of set up.
The hub worked for a few mintues and then started acting erratically. I have to start over and configure all my activities all over again :(
It could be me.  Three hours and not done
user friendly setup
Kompliziertes Einrichten, Systemabsturz
Easy basic setup plus advanced programming options. Remote works great with all devices.
Reputation of company and familirity with the products
I still cannot get my DVD caruosel to accept any commands except to turn it on and off.  
Too many steps to install.  Need plug in and one-click turn on/download.
Not an exact match for input markings on the Onkyo receiver.   Tought to determine hich settings they should be.
I have had to redo it a million times.  I am tech savvy and the app and connection are so glitcy.  I got Alexa to turn my TV off but not back on.  I am also getting an error every time I try to set up all my channels. I would love for this to work but I am really struggling.
It took almost an hour to set up the remote. Too much time.
Génial cette télécommande   
Awesome
Nothing for Roku Channels
when i tell a command to do an activity, it should work seemlessly. instead i have to hit the help button. 
Helpful, yet not user friendly
Online support
easy to use
les nom des touche ne sont pas en fr
easy nto set up and has good help program
cooles Teil
Einfache Handhabung
You don´t have Arcam FMJ-A39 in your database.
the new app is much better. I have some ideas to improve it but it does look better
Works great easy set-up
There is a learning curve in useing this controller. I'm very happy to have bought this controller
still trying to make it work
I have struggled to set this up over WiFi and had to use my computer
keine PS4 :-(
USB-Abdeckung an der Fernbedienung ist fummelig
Synch wouldn't work on newer Win10 laptop (USB 2 and USB3) - had to use older one.
Worst instructions!  
It doesnt stay how you program it, the buttons dont work what they say...I have to switch thigs to use the volume button, it constantly changes and I have to use the help to fix issues every time I turn the tv or stereo back on.
I The software for the remote really needs a UI engineer on it.  It looks horrible on the iPad and Mac and it does not follow normal UI guidelines.  The remote seems to work well but the software is not good at all. 
easy Setup
not very clear insytructions
awesome technology - works perfectly
cause it's fun
Can't re-program 'all off' button

Would like more soft buttons and less hard buttons on a low cost remote.
ease of use
Previous Harmony didn't last long. Product is ok.
This thing really costs $120,325.  $325 for the remote and $120K for the undergraduate and then Masters Degree necessary to figure out this extremely painful setup and device..., which is still very unlikely.  What a pain!
Ease of set up
-
Setup can be frustrating but once finished, the remote is great
The remote works well, except the touch display... the navigation is not good...
Set up is inaccurate and takes too long. Devices don't turn off as they should.
Bedienung sehr umständlich und nicht intuitiv.
Reasonable bang for buck
extremely difficult to program custom remotes including sequences
good effort in trying a gui walkthrough
IR Learning was a disaster using Ipad app have had to revert to windows
flexibility and simplicity
pretty easy to use
Nice
figuring out how to connect to cable box xfinity x1. 
very easy to program, very easy to use.
Easy to use
set up was not so difficult.
einfache bedienung
keine
It's still a little bit hard to initialize the remote control.
klhg
None
the fact I can program the ultimate one to perform functions at the touch of a single command with out having to fiddle through remotes is amazing

not working properlly
BEST SMART REMOTE EVER!!!!!
Streamlined and easy to use interface. 
It wont let me assign the sequence i want to add a delay between commands.
Clarté des explications
Still does what I need, but now I can't find a list of supported devices in the app, which makes it a bit tricky to configure obscure devices. That's why 9 and not 10
easy
hh
AAA 
Software had trouble coming up after installing more than once.
simple and well guided setup
easy setup and use
cannot power off apple tv 4k
does not shut off standard apple tv even when manually entering power off controls
good product 
programming the remote is tedious
Best device compatibility, easy to setup and use
I shouldnt need an acct to use my remote!
VERY EASY TO FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS
Easy step by step instructions to program the remote Completely stress free
Need to have a level of tech skills to use. My mother or wife could not set this up 
Software / Service langsam zur Zeit.
Excellent human experience :)     getting "booted off" of the remote the other night, wasn't very "magical."
Relatively easy to set up in Windows XP virtual machine, but really needs native Linux support. With native Linux support, I'd give it a 10. Really good hardware. Really bad software. 
Some people will not understand the tech aspect of this.
So hard to setup to actually work
exelent device!!!
Easy and a little fun to set up
Hard to get to sync and stay connected
I like and use Logitech devices.
werkt eenvoudig en database is enorm (zelfs de exotische settop box van Tweak staat er tussen)
Satisfied on how it is performing
setup issues. expensive. 
It's easy to setup, and the remote saves the issue of many  remotes.
Progammerung erfordert sehr hohe Aufmerksamkeit, Menüführung aber in deutsch sehr gut
Ease of use
hassle free

Niicht intuitiv bedienbar. Nur etwas für Technik-Freaks. Einstellungen oft mühsam.
soms omslachtig vele apparaten vinden zelf de wifi dat doet de hub niet die moet je op de pc aansluiten, uiteindelijk lukt het wel
like the 1 remote option. Takes a lot to program but is very 
erg handig
Syncing ALWAYS stuck at 99%. ALWAYS
Ease of use.
constantly having problems maintaining 
la meileure telecomande du monde
n/a
easy
setup is too complicated
there are glitches when turning on and off devices
Not that easy to use with tivo

updates are easy to apply and the unit has never failed me.
Konfiguration manchmal ein bisschen aufwändig, Kompatibilität gut, chic
Works for me.
One of your patient and helpful techs had to spend a good bit of time with me to find that the remote need a firmware update. We also found that switching the USB cable made things work. Your guy was great,but the software should have told me the firmware was uut of date.
ease of use

Wie schon von Anfang an. Sehr schwierige und aufwändige Wiederinbetriebnahme nach z.B. Routerwechsel oder WLan-Ausfall. Macht einfach keinen Spass und nervt!
controls several items
Works well but sometimes does not turn stuff on or off correctly. IR is very directional needs to be a little better at not being so directional.
Wirklich  For-All-In-One
I was able to copy the Activities, but the Buttons did NOT copy! Setting up Activities is easy. Customizing Buttons is what takes time and should be copied as well!!  SOOOO Disappointed!!!!
Just too hard to point it acurately. I should have bought the one with a hub.
lots of devices in data base
Super einfache Bedinung und Handhabung
cliche. underperforms
Tremendous features
Find it confusing. Just wanted to add a new DVD player and ended up erasing everything and had to start fresh!
Ab dem 7. von 8 Geräten funktioniert keine Geräteanmeldung mehr. (Server nicht Verfügbar)
Could use better on screen key descriptions. 
too complicated. doesn't work yet for all my devices.
Need to update buttons for Apple TV in app
Have always enjoyed the harmany remotes
no reason
The process seems much simpler these days than I remember, however at this stage it is still to be tested. They are an expensive luxury and not everyone can afford the luxury.
Relatively simple to get up and working. 
Universall, Programmierung etwas kompliziert
zeer tevreden met de afstandbedienig die ik nu al bijna 10 jaar gebruik
Really easy to use and update device.
There is always room for improvement!
I set up my activities.  Rarely, if ever, does everything start up properly when I use an activity shortcut.  Most of the time something doesn't work and I have to manually switch and turn on components.  It's very frustrating that my remote does not work properly.
Had trouble selecting DTV (-) button with Genie 2 but finally did it using 4K mini info. Other than that it's been great.
top!
we love the remote, but I 've had to re-Sync 4 time, and we got it at X-Mass
Ease of use
Viva Ubuntu
I prefer control 4 thats all.
I like the option of copying setings from one remote to the other.
I like this remote but somtimes it seems to be touchy.
love it
The program is kinda wonky.
inputs and device do not consistently work
It's the best solution I've found. A bit tweaky, but mostly does all that I want it to do.

It'd be good to be able to turn off teh automatic help menu.
software is buggi, software only in cloud, expensive and slow, but it works so its fine!  
excelente
Logitech remotes are awesome
Had to restart the destop application to sync my changes to my remote.  It took me about 5 minutes to figure that out, as it wasn't stated in any of the troubleshoot suggestions.
amazing products
Features on original product remotes have more buttons/options. Confusing interface.
nice
facile da configurare e veramente universale
it could be a little bit easier to add a device program keys at the same time
It is a bit more cumbersome to use than the 650
Score is all because the software support. Honestly, the idea behind the product is awesome, but the software support is "high-school computer-science paper" level. New TV not supported (because using BT - like 99% products today), the windows app takes ages until i can actually sign in (really? - desktop app that opens a new browser tab for sign in? talk about lazy...). 
Not easy to program
after a few months the 6 and 8 buttons don't work, and looking around it seems that button failures isn't a rare problem. Add that to the website being a pain to try to get support.
Works well.
THIS DEVICE IS AMAZING...THAT'S WHY IT GETS A 10
-----

Not synching favourite channels
?
Its a great remote but it does take a little bit of technical expertise to set up properly not for the faint hearted
i <3 Logitech. Have G910 Orion, G502, G430 headset, Harmony 600
swipe werkt niet naar ons zin,te traag reagerend.
its great
it works well 
often non fonctionnal
De synchronisatie hangt telkens op 99% en elke keer als ik MyHarmony opstart krijg ik een melding van een update die klaarblijkelijk niet wordt uitgevoerd want opvolgende keren krijg ik de melding nog steeds!
Sonos controls don't seem to work reliably
zdhg,
The product itself is fantastic, but the PC user interface can be clunky and feels outdated. Wireless sync for the remote from the app would be amazing too... but that doesn't have any bearing on the rating provided.
buggy, sync process painful. have to switch accessories input just to lower volume
it works a treat!
Bin sehr zufrieden
i wish the screen was more responsive ... like an ipad ... there is a bit of lag when interacting with the remote. 
Works, if you're willing to learn and tweek settings.
Die einfache, intuitive und präzise Bedienung aller Komponenten mit dieser Fernbedienung ist unglaublich.
I do not understand the user interface.
Right old palava to re-synch/factory reset the hub if I have any router issues.  Apart from that it's great.
jij
love the ease of use
+ entsprechende FB wird abgerufen -> sehr grosse Vielfalt
- bei Marke gibt es Auswahl; warum nicht beim Modell?
super
Should have done this years ago!!
It is better than what I had, but I get tired of having to push so many buttons just to turn the remote features on.  Having to use help every week for it to reconfigure gets on my nerve.
Followed the directions exactly but the system still does not function properly.  Don't know what else to do except to call for help.
Device is sensitive to dropping and slipping on carpet.
Programming changes on its own. 3rd time I have had to reprogram Yamaha AV to use HDMI 2 for my Roku input. 
This is a very impressive remote and  i would highly recomend it
having trouble to reconize the remote. trying to sync to another
horrible after software update 
support to date for my issue has been worth the cost of the unit
muy buena compra 
viel zu kompliziert!
Versatility.
Set up is so intuitive and it works...  love it!
Alles, was man selber einstellt und umprogrammiert,
funktioniert auch . !!! Total Super !!!
Seem to be having problems.  Hopefully this resync will fix things
keeps locking up. cant get out of setup without re-connecting to PC
theres a big delay between the commands being pressed and the command being performed by the unit 
Touch screen too sensitive. tends to do its own thing even if not touched.
ease of nstall
After i changed my WIfi code, the hub refuses to pair with my companion remote.
Easy set up.  Works very well.
i had 1 promble call cs now i have 5 prombles
it does what it says
this is an excelent remote to have in  every household !! the world is getting smarter ,so its time to keep up with logetech .
no 5gig wifi favorite channels don't work well 
harmony rules

User freindly and we have not found a device that Harmony doesn't hjave in it's database
So convenient and easy to configure!
The Logitech Harmony is relitivly easy to use and setup.

top Gerät und Intuitiv zu Bedienen
simple usage
this thing never works
ease of use, could improve interface
Intuitive interface
einfache Einrichtung; problemlose Bedienung
MyHarmony app requires admin privledges to run. There is no good reason for this requirement, and is a bad security practice. The old software didn't require this and still worked perfectly.
software crap, changing wifi should take 3 hrs.
done....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
i areready have

Remote stopped working and having to connect to computer every time to synce remote so it can work again is a pain!
Zei gleiche orig. fernbedienungen aber verschiedenen ir codes lassen sich nur schwer oder gar nicht programmieren.
The button and control mapping from my 1100 is ALL MESSED UP when imported into the Elite.  If the older remotes were not unsupported I would be much happier with them.
easy to use
its really really hard to understand and install codes specially for nvidia sheild tv box
Die Harmony 650 ist die bislang beste der von mir getesteten Logitech Fernbedienungen!
Excellent product
Love the product and technical support
lo mejor  que se a inbentado
no number buttons
i love this remote, i was skeptical at first but after using it for only a little bit i have already decided this purchase was well worth it
Easy interface
works well
gut
You could have made it easier to enter custom codesssss

Convenience not having two TV and ROKU remotes
Funktionalität

It is very easy to use.
I received the Harmony media keyboard to replace the K400+ keyboard just because I need to assign keyboard keystrokes to the elite remote buttons. In this case it was the X key when I press the stop button in my Apple mac mini media center. It didnt work. At the logitech website it is advertised that with this media keyboard you can add the keystrokes, nut not all of them, just a few pre-configured ones. I just needed the X button and a few others. Probably will have to wait for a better solution from another brand since this simple task cant be achieved even with a logitech HUB + Elite remote + hub extender + K400plus keyboard + HubMediaKeyboard....
se tarda en cargar mucho
I really like and count on the Harmony Remote. I only wish it were easier for me to see the strength left in the battery.
There is no mouse track pad for use with stuff like an apple mini, or PS4/Xbox.  And for that price point, it should.
i have had other harmony remotes in the past but this one make life with it easy
Several RMA's.
ich habe noch kein anderes Gerät mit disen funtionen gefunden

its great 
Da es für mich einer der besten Fernbedienungen ist
very hard to set up
Can be hard to set up if not technology friendly
Love the remote ! Works great !
Not perfect
Buggy
The last couple of times I've sync my remote my reciever goes from cab/sat to tv/cd  then i have to select help to get it back to cable.  I dont know why?
I have trouble sometimes turning on and off my Samsung tv with Smarthub
alles super bestens
Love the quick setup and huge database of products, even tower fans!
Great product and relatively easy to program.
my wife can use it to resolve problems
Shitty Harmony Hub stopped working properly after 2 weeks purchasing... HUGE LAGS and connection problems. This is trash! 
Still a bitch, this setup is unforgiving and takes a lot of planning especially for sequencing
harmony rules

so simple to program. The buttons do exactly what they say. FANTASTIC !!!
flexibilty, intelligent design
the sequence button is so hard to edit might as well start over. must make easier
sync doesn't seem to work reliably
Having problems with the remote
Genius!!
with the myharmony app, we love these remotes, they are perfect. 
Weird and partially clunky UI on both smartphone and PC. Remote itself is great!
I have had problems with getting both the tv and receiver to turn off after "watch tv" activity
Please stop asking me this question every time I update the remote or my ratings will start to decrease.
Beim Programmieren einer nicht aufgelisteten FB sind die Befehle nur auf englisch - ist nicht akzeptabel.
Satisfaction.
sehr gute fernbedienung
could not reorder sequencing....
YAY

Sync consistently crashes
An amazing device. Lost one point just to illustrate that I don't think it would be that difficult to add bluetooth commands so you can do things like turn your Apple TV off when you are done in Activities.
Easy to set up. Convenient product. Good price at $79. Screen could be improved. 
it doesnt work on ANY of my devices- Firestick, vizio smart tv, bluray player.....works for none
Facile à programmer
ok
Toujours très facile d'utilisation
great product that is easy to use
This is a survay
Preis Leistung ist einfach Spitze
super fjernbetjening
WAYYYYYY too complicated.
It works. Well. 
love the remote but wish i could set icons for activities
Einfache Bedienung, alles selbsterklärend ABER...
diese ständigen Sync-Pobleme nerven!!! Habe nach dem 8ten Versuch erst eine erfolgreiche Syncronisierung hinbekommen.
Passt soweit, leider fehelen viele Leinwände Hersteller!
The man from support got my remote set correctly to input HDMI 1 for the DVD player but in so doing he changed the TV input to something other than I had it previously so I have to toggle the settings each time I go from the DVD to the TV... frustrating!
works well
Much easier than juggling remotes
Love It
very clunky
Incosistent funtionality.
GREAT
Still learning. Need an Android APP to program the 650, you seem not to do this. Some issues driving older systems (SONY hifi) which concern me a bit.
I really like the remote.  The app is not working out though
Very good experience.
Sehr schlechte Installations- und Einrichtungsroutinen
Es scheint alles einfach zu gehen
prima 
Amazon Fire TV needs updating to include version 3 Fire TV.
n/a
lOVE THE WAY IT WORKS SO FAR
Need to add macros
Ivy gave excellent customer service
I like the activities...all devices that I need come on at the same time.

East and flexible
easy to use
IT WAS HELL SETTING UP THIS REMOTE!!!  Online support sucks and can't get a human on the phone!  Only reason I managed to finish setting it up was the BROKEN DISH remote worked for 5 seconds and I managed to reset it.  I may still take this remote back if it doesn't stop giving me problems.
so far so good
Easy to set up it serve the purpose of keeping away extra remote controls except for the parental lock of my tv
programmability, just works
So easy to set up
Easy to use, but a few issues I have needed to address manually
To Complicated for most people to set up. shouldnt require a computer
cause
Very cool to have a learning remote & easy to use
NICE
Too many issues to deal with for a $350 piece of hardware.  Alexa app doesn't connect, can't create a support account and the list goes on
Need to be able to control multiple devices and run multiple activities at a time.
its not working
had to plug/unplug from computer a couple of times before setup recognized remote

great and easy user friendly
very super easy setup
does not want to work with my tv
Easy to setup
Makes everything easier.
Ease of customization and modification.
the remote won't work after syncing
Excellent product but hard to synch
bricked, cant get out of safe mode
easy to setup and very user friendly
Very Cumbersome.
Super zurfrieden !
I have to plug it into a different usb port every time to get it to recognize the remote and sync. If I plug it into the same port as the previous time(s) it is not recognized...even after restarting my computer.
Doesn't easily hit app devices when changing an activity.
Easy to use app. I love it! 
easy
ease
Easy to transfer settings from an old remote to a new model.
EASY AND FAST!!
Easy to program.
It is the truth.
easy to ues best on market
I owned These Remotes and have loved them for years.
i would recommend, a]but i wouldnt want to set it up again. lol
cause
Very easy to program and use. I wish I could change the red wallpaper to other colors though :)
Better UI and flow than your older software program which I use for my other Harmony remote
i love this remote
Easy Setup
I have used Harmony remotes for years and find them a valuable part of my entertainment center.
Great remote
All users do not need complexity of Activity instead of Device selection base.
Not clear on settings
I cannot increase or decrease TV volume levels one incrament at a time.  They always jump in 5 incraments every time I push a raise or lower volume button.  
setup was very easy
praktische integration
Very easy to set up
Bin ganz neu im Pfrogramm und muss es mir noch richtig anschauen
too complicated

einfach und gut
power on and off are not working very well. always using the help button to fix
Tech support is pretty good.  I wish the remote would work as easily as advertised.
Top Produkt
successful, long term use of harmony remotes
didnt find several of my devices, and there is no way of setting up specifict jobs for different devices simply
many problems with setup not a good product harmony one was much better to set
setup is not user friendly harmony one is much easier to setup
Program is really slow
Kinda hard to set up
love the sequencing of operations
Ease of use. 
software very glitchy
How do you change the settings of Roku? In activities it shows netflix and pandora. I want it to have different options. 
love it
télècommande de qualité et simple d'utilisation
erg intuitief
ji
unable to retrieve settings from remote with app update. Had to reconfigure it from scratch.
HAVE BEEN VERY RELIABLE
Once the (Painful!!) setup is complete, these things work magic!
Really struggled to get the remote set up because the software often refuses to start
east setup.
It's simple
It took several attempts to get it to work. I wish it were easier.
Hard to get to sync and stay connected
Gute Bedienung
set up process could be made a little simpler. Especially for those who don't have either a laptop or desktop. Otherwise, neat device.
IF MY WIFE CAN OPERATE THIS REMOTE IT'S A SUCCESS
This remote is totally confusing... nothing makes sense or work right or consistently
UNABLE TO CONFIGURE ROKU FOR WATCH TV.
love the remote and functionality
Set up too confusing.  Bluetooth didn't work.  Unreliable connections.
Ease of programming and ability to share with other Harmony remotes.
 it works well
Works great.  Lost settings 
Not bad!
Funktionalität
it cool
if they ask my opinion on a universal remote, yeah i'd recommend the logitech line
Lovin It
Love this remote will recommend to everyone i know
I have used Harmony remotes for years.  Trying to set up this one I had to create a new account with an alternate email account as the SW would not let me sign in with the one I have used for years.....very, very frustrating.
Ease of use and capabilities
Works Great
Network connectivity to hub does not work
your software is poor
Easy picking devices from a substantial library

Ivy gave excellent customer service
Imported settings from previous remote flawlessly
hty
The remote was fairly simple to setup using the software downloaded from Logitech. The actions taken seem to be a bit random. I turned all devices off and then back on three times and got three different results.  Pressing the help key resolved the issue each time, but it still disconcerting that you don't know what's going to happen each time.
having a hard time setting it up
The band new LG TV can't be s
Great product with ease of use and 
Syncing is too slow
Ease of setup all in one macro remote
user friendly
Awsome Product
done
works great

easy to use
The Harmony Remote will not accept/learn commands from the DVD Remote.
Almost works after three attempts  Does not pick up the ATT cable box. Or control DVD player after programming IAW specs.
has gotten better, could still be improved.  but, much better since my last remote (1100)
this remote is not very intuitive. I have set up several Harmony 880s and I have never had issues like I have with this one. 
Awesome and easy..
good remote
not easy setup getting all the HMDI stuff right
great remote
Have had several work great with one touch activities

RAPIDITE DE PROGRAMMATION ET DE TELECHARGEMENT 
Love this remote
Good.
Must be tech savvy and a little patient. Harmony seems no to "keep up" with devices sometimes -- for example the TiVo "Enter" command had to be taught. I had some trouble with the A-B-C-D "color" buttons, but I'm not entirely sure why. It's REALLY hard to remember the setup app is MyHarmony -- Windows would find it easier if it were named HarmonyConfig (or something). Details, really. But they matter.
having trouble setting up my new remote. 
love the logitech harmony products!!
need to change email and system will not allow.  poor service
love it 
Can't set up multiple remotes that are the same, ie. two Harmony touch's for two different rooms
So easy to set-up. Excellent interface.
werkt al vele jaren naar tevredenheid voor 5 apparaten. Nu maar 1 afstandsbediening op tafel.
Ik had geen idee hoe een beamer moet worden aangewezen. Staat niet in de keuzelijst van apparaten. Verder alles O.K. hoor.
won't work properly with my wifi
Best remote I have ever had
logical and easy process even for me.
it works..
5th will not recognize new tv equipment 
I've been using it for years.  it is very easy to set up and change.


Does not always work well. 
Your products are the best!
easy to set up.
GOOD
user friendly
There is no help available and the remote will not switch inputs on the tv.
Easy to setup
Die Software ist eine Katastrophe
software was very difficult to load onto my computer
Wenn Das mit dem Akku mal anders gemacht wird (Batterien) dann gibt es 10 Punkte.
one remote is better than many!
super einfach. alle systeme erkannt und leicht mit einer Harmony zu handlen

It forgets where it's at and causes confusion and thus frustration. I keep having to toggle between activites and devices to correct it. When guests come, I have to break out all the controls and tell them not to use the Harmony remote because it is too difficult to learn.
Easy setup and navigation through the site.  Adapdable remote any way you want it. Great Stuff.
works easily

exelente
SIMPLICITY
the software is practically spyware, no offline options.
its the only universal remote! been using it for more then 10 years love them
still a bit clunky
great
I have had the harmony for a while and the process for setting it up has really improved.  I have been able to easily change the remote as components have changed.  

There is no other competition
Werkt geweldig!
EASY
great remotes
Too technical for most of my friends
saregrg
My only complaint is that not all USB cables wrok to control the remote.  Also, this remote is a good idea gone sidways. I like the older remote with buttons as the screen is slick, it isn't easily navigated and things aren't as intuative as the 600 series.
My wife can use it without yelling at me.
Clear and simple.
Easy to program
Ease of use/setup.
Once you figure out how to logon, the update works.
need to update desktop software
nothing
good
works great, easy, fun
SIngle remote operation very desireable
It took 22 times for the remote to sync and 3 PC resets - you try to make the software portable and end up making a program that is unstabled and unreliable. 
très intuitif, très facile, vraiment au top
single remote for everything

I'm having trouble keeping the remotes and hub synced 
Works perfect, except the software on Mac, which has some bugs.
Fairly easy interface. HUB does not have enough IR blaster ports...
extremely difficult/complex to setup and maintain.   
its good 
very bood!!!
works pretty good
Erratic performance
Don't like having to resync after any little power outage
volle Punktzahl, wenn Sie mit der Elite schon Rolladen steuern könnten oder andere Hubs, wie den von Osram...
stupid instructions
mag flexibeler
Wait time on the phone is horrable.. They take for ever to answer you!!
Ease of setup, great customization, consolidation of remotes.
flexibility
Easy to use and compatible with most things
none
followed steps repeatedly and it wouldn't work

funktioniert einfach
very conivient remote to have!
The screen is too touch sensitive and is easy to 'fat-finger' while handling, chaning activity without intention.
very versatile remote
only english. wery Unintuativ !!!
Ein FB für alle Geräte.
Bring back the Harmony One.
Die Ansteuerung meines Pioneer Verstärkers ist mehr als mangelhaft - z.T. ist das Gerät nicht üpber die Fernbedienung einzuschalten, obwohl es einmal funktioniert hat.
Easy Peazy
Easy to set up. Allows old technology devices to be included on device
relatively easy to set up, some small issues encountered when components changed and startup sequence updated
Reliable product and responsive service
Too much computer/internet time required to set up or change device settings. Macro's seem to always get messed up somehow.
Enjoyable expierence - Software is a bit clunky
suck it
great remote
sie vergisst
Probleme mit Bedienung von BOSE 300 System (Lautstärke geht nicht) & keine Daten (+Gerät) von Swisscom TV UHD Box um zu laden (IR Kabel) vorhanden 
Harmony needs to make it clear that it assumes it's the only remote control - the equipment may not be in the same state as it was when the Harmony was last used. I turn my TV/cable box/soundbar on/off with the Verizon remote and then I use the Harmony to control from that point.
nicht umfangreich genug
Positiv: Ein Gerät, viele Einstellmöglichkeiten, alle Geräte gefunden.
Negativ/Abwertung: Receiver (Dyon Eagle) stellt sich bei Stromzufuhr automatisch an -> das ist als Einstellung nicht möglich.
great products.
It works

It functions perfectly and is very convenient!

Too many operations are not available
tevredenheid
There is improvement if I compare the software with previous versions. It worked much more intuitive. But logging and connecting to the remote didn't go smoothly.
Ease of use
Teilweise unübersichtlich, jedoch wenn man das System verstanden hat, geht es gut.

I had to change my receiver out trying to reconfigure settings.  I need some help from support but unavailable since I've had my hub over 1 year

Solide, erfüllt meine Erwartungen.

ease of use
With only a few minor adjustments to settings I installed completely new sound system and eliminate my old AV system
ease of use

I love the remote but your software is not the easiest to use.
easy to use
excellent
ease of use

Wow!!!
-
hub not working with foxtel
Flexibility and Update capability!
It works well.
super afstandbedienig
dificil
Ease of adding / deleting devices. Well done 
Usually works, Help makes corrections easy.
Constant fix myself. This remote sucks.
hi
Infrared is a obsolete element , IP control is the way to go
great remote.  IR is crappy
Still frustrated with the inability to name individual remotes. At least the second time I've possibly screwed myself over this way.
dont like connecting hub to computer
nothing works problems for  week now
says fully charged in the cradle, but when separated, the battery is almost empty, get low battery warning. shuts itself off
Ich bin mit dem Gerät und der Programmierung sehr zufrieden.
May be for most but not some. Not as easy to use as one might assume.
ease
A very user friendly remote
nice remote works well hasnt failed me yet
Way too many steps to do everything
features 

great produc
10
Not all functions work properly
Clear Instructions; comprehensive functionality; no need to "learn" instructions, one at a time, from existing remote controls
This is having too many issues with wifi and no diagnostic info
alles gut
too many hours now over 4 hours trying to set up one new DVD and Returning to HDMI 1 from HDMI 2
Great Remote
Very easy to use and works well.
yup
Funktionier immer wieder super

It does the job well.
remote yes, myharmony.com no
i have a harmony elite which i gave up on trying to set up for the moment
EASY TO SET UP & USE
The product is very ambitious in scope, but due to this it's also quite complicated to set up.
really good







































bobbleheads
occasional glitches in remote, but with reprogram it is easy fix. 
Good stuff
ease of programming, easy to use. a lot of options. 
Would be higher but having trouble setting up with Amazon Fire TV Stick. Fire Stick is unable to find remote and cannot pair.
It is not that simple to set up.
Had trouble using it with rocketfish wrong device would start up or switch for no reason.
issues with remote pairng with hub after firmware update 
bugginess
Works good to turn equipment on except still have to manually change input on TV which was what I wanted to avoid doing.
It seems to work well so far...just getting into it.
usb often NOT recognized.
long winded set up and recovery. Took a,most 2 hours to sort out
Overall its a good experience, however more control should be available in the MyHarmony application such as reordering activities

easy to use
Gemakkelijk in te stellen, mooi product, praktisch
Too much trouble shooting and a buggy UI. I would see myself setting it up for them and being their tech support.
muy bien gracias bueno exelente ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff vbggg dffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
dgffffffffffffffffff  

This remote is crap. Die alone. 
Remote doesn't know when the cable box is on or off; therefore, each iteration turns the cable box on and then off, then on, then off, and so on.  Because of this, the cable box gets out of synch and you have to use the cable box remote to turn it back on whennyou need it.
nb
Ich bin maßlos enttäuscht und muss sagen, dass ich am liebsten mein Geld zurück verlangen würde. Empfehlen auf gar keinen Fall. Habe ein PhilipsTv+Hue Lampen, eine Sonos Playbar, ein AppleTv und amazon FireTV als auch Hue Lampen im Einsatz. Die Konfiguaration war für mich easy und funktioniert hat es auch anfangs. Doch mit der Zeit werden Geräte nicht erkannt und dann darf man eine Ewigkeit warten, bis die Fernbedienung wieder zu gebrauchen ist. Bis dahin hat man längst die verstauten Fernbedienungen zur Hand genommen und man fragt sich, wofür man so viel Geld ausgegeben hat, wenn es nicht reibungslos funktioniert. Auf der Sonos die Lautstärke einstellen ist wie ein Lottorielos kaufen. Die Wahrscheinlichkeit  zu gewinnen konvergiert gegen Null, soll heißen, mal lässt sich die Lautstärke ändern aber meistens eher nicht. Also, nein ich würde es keinen empfehlen!
ea
Its pretty easy to use. I have 2 already. I bought this one to switch out with one that stopped working. Email me and ill send the other to you for replacement instead of returning to best buy. Thanks! tjmohrman@outlook.com
for some reason stopped working, had to redo
easy to understand setup relative quick setup
Great Remote that is easy and fun to use!
n/a
my remote doesn't appear to retain settings so far
great support
Love it 
The remote keeps locking up. It keeps un syncing with the video game, losing bluetooth connection and not pairing. very sensitive, you touch something that you were not trying to do the remote freezes. I am glad that i only have to use one remote, it is not very user friendly.
already responded to this same question over and over again
It even recognised a 25 year old VCR! Great being able to customise buttons later and learn from other devices.
Einrichtung sehr Seiten-basiert. Man fühlt sich wie im SAP der frühen 2000er ;)
Straightforward setup with comprehensive coverage. This remote makes my life so much easier.
Easy
really simple setup, great options. Wish this remote had some more "Macro" buttons on the top, the 650 only has 3, but fits my budget for home theater. It would be nice if it had 4 to match most ouptus in a home system (Game, Blu-Ray Player, Music, and Cable/Sat.) 
Das Swiping um auf die Zifferblatt zu kommen ist zu umsstaendlich
complicated but works well
Software nicht intuitiv
price 
Have to constantly setup a new hub every few days.
Great product. Works much better and is more stress-free than fancier, more expensive options.
it works
fug u
Everything has been fantastic. My only complaint is that there is a decent amount of input lag across all of my devices.
lack of bluetooth command
This has been an easy install.
great when it is working

Will not work with Roku Ultra
fairly easy to set up
Very easy to use!
very easy setup
Hasn't worked so far
SEEMS STRAIGHT FORWARD SO FAR TO LOAD THE REMOTE - THIS IS THE SECOND REMOTE WE HAVE PURCHASED
Funktionalität
BECAUSE IT'S AWESOME BWAHAHA
this software is super glitchy
Nice！
didnt work the first time .. No Pull down menu for various models
Sehr komfortable Benutzerführung
trouble syncing
it somewhat cool
In "add device" menu, you should explain to users that the device can not be a Radio Frequence controled. I spend many hours to realize this myself.
a bit confusing
ease of use and adding all devices to one remote.  also the activities are nice for doing multiple things at once
works perfect
SO MUCH easier than 10-15 years ago when I first started using Harmony Remotes!
SIMPLE AND EASY TO SETUP
es ist deutlich komplizierter als gedacht und leider nich alles sauer übernommen
sehr intuitiv und gut durchdacht. Bravo
It's ok, doesn't seem to have a dvr button.
You don't allow disabling of the "Help" system or muting the button beeps as far as I can tell. It used to be easy. Other than that, I think this is a great product and it has worked well for me for several years.
solid product
good 
MyHarmony software is terrible, but the remote seems to work okay.
set up not complete but looks like good support
Very Difficult to setup; after spending the allotted time the remote doesn't seem to work if it needs a Harmony Hub why sell it separately
i like the remote just wish there was an offline way to update it
Haven't used it yet but looks ok
easy to set up stuff i didnt even know i could control
Working so far
Requiring a non-essential  e-mail, Harmony account and all of the associated hassle in order to get something we already paid for to function is insulting to your customers.
I own several logitech products, they are very well made products and the service is also very good. The only thing that need improvement is the wait time to speak with someone, other than that i will keep buying and recommending logitech product.
I Love this Product
all remote in only one is wanderfull
Doesn't work with my tv
GJ
ease of use, simple but complete interface
The iOS app is garbage.  Impossible to make it reliably connect to the hub.
Ease of use, 
Long process but, good product. 
easy
Ease of setup and use.
like it
Software is pretty slow.
still crap
good
nicht ganz klar beschrieben
das hat mich mindestens 1 tag gekostet bis ich wegen fehlender literatur raushatte wie und was ich brauch um sie zu progamieren
das tue ich mir nie wieder an
Funktionalität.
Intuitive remote
no button back light
it terrible will not connect to my wifi 
Need details steps from the downloard forward.